The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia”.

Canadians say “sorry” so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt.

Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.

The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.

One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.

If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a “Pizzy Bear”.

In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.

There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.

Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010.

Daniel Radcliffe was allergic to his Harry Potter glasses.
Also, did you know that his glasses had no lenses? This was to stop the reflection from anything happening behind the scenes. The glass lens was added in post-production.

The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.

A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”.

Hershey’s Kisses are named that after the kissing sound the deposited chocolate makes as it falls from the machine on the conveyor belt.

Princess Peach didn’t move until 1988, designers believed it was too complicated to make her a movable character.

To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a “French Exit”. In French, it’s called a “partir à l’anglaise”, to leave like the English.

If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you’ll be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species.

The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.

In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.

The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.

If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote’s signal range.
This works by using your brain to act as a radio transmitter.

Fruit stickers are edible, though the same as any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA.

The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means “ant eating with three fingers”.

Astronaut is a compound word derived from the two Ancient Greek words “Astro” meaning “star” and “naut” meaning “sailor”. So astronaut literally means “star sailor”.

The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called “phosphenes”.

At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.

Iceland does not have a railway system.

The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.

Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found.

The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.

The world’s largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand.
The piano is a little over 18 feet long and has 85 keys – 3 short of the standard 88.

The tongue is the only muscle in one’s body that is attached from one end.

There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.

The Lego Group is the world’s most powerful brand. There are more Lego Minifigures than there are people on Earth.

The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800s and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian.

There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.

The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.

Elvis was originally blonde. He started coloring his hair black for an edgier look. Sometimes, he would touch it up himself using shoe polish.

If you translate “Jesus” from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is “Joshua”. The name “Jesus” comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.

Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.

German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German.
It has no affiliation with the country of Germany.

The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.

An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.

The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.

An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain.

Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak, and our fingernails are made of.

An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.

75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.

The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.

The British government coined the slogan, “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.

Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700.
While Apple was building a huge data center in the middle of North Carolina, they wanted to occupy the area of a couple that lived there for 34 years. When the couple refused to leave, Apple paid them $1.7 million dollars for their land.

Tirana, the capital of Albania has a lot of things in common with other European capitals – except one.  It’s one of two capitals without a Mcdonald’s. The second is Vatican City.

Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.

The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.

IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.

In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers, but didn’t publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.

Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.

There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which are less than most third-world countries.

Larry the Cable Guy’s real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the midwest, not the South.

The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of the election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.

There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64.
Only one of the developers had ever worked on a video game before.
The game received multiple year-end awards, including the BAFTA Interactive Entertainment Games Award in 1998, and four awards from the inaugural AIAS Interactive Achievement Awards.

Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.

Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.

There is an island called “Just Enough Room”, where there’s just enough room for a tree and a house.

People who post their fitness routine on Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.

Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.

Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million aren’t considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.

Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first-ever animated show to air during primetime.

There is a company that sells mirrors that make people look 10 pounds thinner. Overall, the mirrors have contributed to 54% of total sales for retailers that use it.

There’s no period in “Dr. Pepper”. It was removed because the old logo font made it look like “Di: Pepper”.

There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called “underwater rugby”.
It is a contact sport between 2 teams of 6 competing underwater in a pool to score goals while freediving.

Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150-pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.

Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.

In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.

The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle’s flame could be seen from 30 miles away.

When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.

The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.

65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people, in general, are left-handed.

In 2007, Scotland spent £125,000 devising a new national slogan. The winning entry was: “Welcome to Scotland”.

Until 2016, the “Happy Birthday” song was not for public use. Meaning, prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted and you had to pay a license to use it.

When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months.
This is mostly due to the fact that they’re a good source of food for other animals. However, in a controlled environment like being kept as a pet, they can live up to two years.

There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark ⸮

Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.

Researches have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.

A cluster of bananas is called a “hand”. Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger”.

The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.

For nearly 60 years, Texas didn’t have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was the active, but the unofficial flag.

A wildlife technician, Richard Thomas, took the famous tongue twister, “how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood” and calculated a rough estimate of what the answer would actually be. It came out to be around 700 pounds.

Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.

Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.

Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.
The country was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French.

Those cute furry bits inside a cat’s ear are called “ear furnishings”. They ensure that dirt doesn’t go inside and also helps them to hear well.

Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.

There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.

There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender, and Librarian.

The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.

In 1994, the company that had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.

China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda-shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.

Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.

The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.

To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.

The world’s first motel is in San Luis Obispo, which was built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.

Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.

I Will Always Love You was originally written and recorded in 1973 by Dolly Parton. It was written as a farewell to her mentor of seven years.

“Opposites attract” is a common myth. People are actually attracted to people who look like family members or those with a similar personality type.

Llamas can be used as guards against coyote attacks on sheep herds. Studies have proven that just one guard llama is an effective protector and can even kill the attacking coyotes.

The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.

Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.

If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.

The most expensive virtual object is “Club NEVERDIE” in the Entropia Universe which is worth $635,000. It was originally bought at $10,000.

Cruise ships have morgues that can store up to 10 bodies at once. The average amount of people that die on cruise ships per year is 200.

Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.

Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.

During WWII, a U.S. naval destroyer won a battle against a Japanese submarine by throwing potatoes at them. The Japanese thought they were grenades.

The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth was founded by Eminem.

A man with severe OCD and a phobia of germs attempted to commit suicide with a gun to his head. Instead of killing him, the bullet eliminated his mental illness without any other damage.

Since 1955, 50% of the population of Niger is consistently under 16 years old. The total current population is 21,600,000.

The author of Mary Had a Little Lamb, Sarah Josepha Hale, is most responsible for the creation of Thanksgiving being a national holiday.

The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.

Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.

Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932, and was made official in 1939.

More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.

Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.

Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”

Times Square was originally called Longacre Square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.

Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn’t bother being an extra in a movie.

Queen Elizabeth has a personal net worth of 425 million dollars. That includes the $65 million Sandringham House and $140 million Balmoral Castle.

Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.

Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.

One of the World Trade Center’s was built to be 1,776 feet tall on purpose to reference the year the Declaration of Independence was signed.

The word “kimono”, literally means a “thing to wear”. Ki is “wear”, and mono is “thing”.

There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.

It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.

Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.

Only official members of federally accepted Native American tribes may legally possess or collect eagle feathers. If a normal citizen has one, it is illegal.

By the time they have been retired for 2 years, 78% of former NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness or divorce.

500 seeds of 5 different types of seeds were taken into orbit around the moon and later planted around the U.S. as well as a few countries. They were called Moon Trees.

In order to protest the high tariffs enforced by a U.K. censorship board, a filmmaker sent in a 10-hour “movie” of white paint drying. They had to watch the entire film.

The popular LMFAO group who created the viral hit, Party Rock Anthem, is made up of an uncle-nephew duo.

50% of apartments in Los Angeles don’t come with a fridge. This is legal, as fridges are considered an “amenity”, and therefore landlords are not required to provide one.

Norway has a 25-year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.

Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.

Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.

There is a company in the U.K. that offers “being hungover” as a valid reason for calling off work. They are allotted four hungover days per year.

The majority of blind people in the U.S. and the U.K. cannot read braille. Statistically, less than 1% of blind in the U.K., and under 10% in the U.S.

It’s not just humans who are right or left-handed. Most female cats prefer using their right paw and males are more likely to be left-pawed.

Over 290 people have died climbing Mount Everest since 1922. Most deaths occur because of avalanches, and not all bodies have been recovered.

There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.

A bolt of lightning can reach 53,540 degrees Fahrenheit. That’s 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is 10,340 degrees Fahrenheit.

There is a village in Russia called Tsovkra where every resident can tightrope walk. It is a tradition that dates back over 100 years but no one knows how it started.

When Shakira was in second grade, she was rejected by the school choir because her vibrato was too strong. The music teacher told her that she sounded like a goat.

Four of the top seven highest-grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World, and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.

Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second-largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.

Julius Caesar’s only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar’s son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.

The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels – so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.

“Tsundoku” is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.

The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.

Brain fibers lose 10% of their total length every decade. They can shrink even more so under acute stress.

Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.

Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.

Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.

There’s a bar in Yukon that serves a “Sourtoe cocktail”. It consists of a shot of whisky with a human toe floating in the glass. An estimated 60,000 people have had it.

The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.

Pope Francis has been given many extravagant gifts over the years, and one of them was a Harley-Davidson motorcycle. However, rather than keeping it for his own pleasure and adventures, he sold it off and used the money to benefit homeless people.

In Japan, Domino’s started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.

The motto on the United Kingdom’s Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is “Dieu et mon droit”, which means “God and my right”.

The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.

Disney sold the streaming right for the original Star Wars films in 2016 to Turner until 2024. Disney has since decided to start a streaming service and has tried asking for the rights back, but Turner refuses every time.

Gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5% during the first 5 months of Pokémon Go being released. This included 2 deaths and $25.5 million in damages.

Helen Keller was related to Robert E. Lee. Her paternal grandmother was second cousins with him.

During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.

Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because “it’s human nature to want freedom”.

The line, “Born and raised in South Detroit” in Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin” actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.

On one slow news day on April 18, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said “there is no news”.

If you cut a starfish, it won’t bleed – it doesn’t have blood! Rather, they circulate nutrients by using seawater in their vascular system.

12% of the world’s total languages are found in Papua New Guinea, which has over 820 indigenous languages. There are more languages on this island than in any other country.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.

In efforts to undercut the Dreamcast’s sales of the upcoming SEGA release, Sony announced the PlayStation 2 and exaggerated its performance capabilities.

Nepal has the most mathematical flag in the world. It even has an article in its constitution that details the steps of drawing the flag.

Mount Rushmore cost less than one million dollars to construct. It took 14 years to build – from 1927 to 1941 and took 400 workers.

Samsung means “three stars” in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.

On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.

While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.

Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build-ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.

Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man’s land where hundreds of rare animal species thrive.

While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.

There is a Scottish tartan designed for Mars exploration. It was officially registered in 2016 to be worn during Mars science, exploration and outreach activities.

Santa Claus was issued a pilot’s license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.

When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.

The word “velociraptor” comes from the Latin words “velox” which means swift, and “raptor” which means robber. Literally – speedy robber!

The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.

Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.

The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the “thagomizer”. They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.

There is a correlation between pulling an all-nighter and snapping out of depression. This is because the brain gets more active the longer it goes without sleep.

Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.

When shuffling a deck of cards, the number of possible arrangements is approximately 8×1067. That’s more than the number of stars in the observable universe.

There is a United Arab Emirates’ territory inside an Oman’s territory that itself is inside the United Arab Emirates country. It is called Madha village.

Disappointment Island is an uninhabited island in New Zealand. Over 65,000 pairs of white-capped albatross live there. In 1868, a steel tanker crashed on the island which killed 68 people, leaving the 15 survivors waiting 18 months to be rescued. In 1907, another ship ended up crashing there and 12 men drowned.

During the entire run of Gilligan’s Island, it was never revealed if “Gilligan” was his first or last name.

When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.

Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.

Bi-weekly has two different definitions: Twice a week, or once every two weeks.

Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, which drew more visitors to see the empty space than the actual painting.

There is an insurance policy issued against alien abduction. Around 50,000 policies have been sold, mainly to residents of the U.S. and England.

Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt, then gave the invention away for free. They decided it was too important of an invention to keep to themselves.

In 2005, Connecticut was accidentally issued an Emergency Alert to evacuate the entire state. Only about 1% of the people actually tried to leave.

An 18-year old with dwarfism played the 8-year-old Grinch in The Grinch (2000). He passed away two years after the film was released.

Rebecca Felton was the first woman to ever serve for the United States Senate – but she only served for one day.

Webster’s Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn’t exist in it for five years – “Dord”.

Amber-colored rear turn signals are statistically proven to reduce collisions by about 28%.

Roselle, a guide dog, lead her blind owner down 78 flights of stairs during 9/11. The descent took about an hour and they both safely made it out.

It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.

Somebody hid an episode of South Park inside Tiger Woods 99 as an Easter egg, causing EA to do a massive recall.

Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today’s gorillas.

Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.

The full name of the famous Chuck E. Cheese’s mouse is Charles Entertainment Cheese.

The American roulette wheel is different from the European wheel. The American one has 2 green spaces while the European one only has 1. Although on both, if you add up all the numbers on a roulette wheel, you will get 666.

The day after Thanksgiving is called “Brown Friday” by plumbers in America because it is their busiest day of the year.

The wife of Anthony Perkins, the original Norman Bates, Berry Berenson died as a result of being a passenger on one of the 9/11 planes.

The thumbs-up sign is believed to have originated from Chinese pilots. It was used to communicate with the ground crew before take-off.

In Toy Story 2 in the scene where Buzz gives a speech in front of the American flag, the flag was edited to be a globe for release in non-American countries.

The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympic Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.

Batman and Predator exist in the same fictional universe. Since 1991, they have been featured together in three comic books.

A study from Harvard University finds that having no friends can be just as deadly as smoking. Both effect levels of a blood-clotting protein.

In South Dakota, you can get a driver’s permit at age 14 with parental consent. Once you turn 16, you can get your license.

The Backpack Kid’s real name is Russell Horning.

In 2017, Adidas sold over 1 million pairs of shoes made from recycled ocean plastic, each pair taking 11 plastic bottles to make.

The British Pound is the world’s oldest currency still in use at 1,200 years old. The pound has been an identity as a symbol of British sovereignty.

The world’s smallest mammal, a Bumblebee Bat, weighs about the same as a U.S. dime. Native to Myanmar and Thailand, these bats are endangered.

As of December 2018, The Itchy & Scratchy Show that takes place within The Simpsons has 107 episodes.

Will Smith owed $2.8 Million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air.

The Great Pyramid of Giza actually has eight sides, rather than four. All of the other pyramids have just four sides.

English is not native to the British Isles. It was brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th Centuries by German, Danish, and Dutch settlers.

When we’re born, the only innate fears we have are the fear of falling, and the fear of loud sounds. All other fears are learned.

In Korea, there is a breed of dog called a Sapsali which was originally thought to banish ghosts and evil spirits.

Qantas Airways once powered an interstate flight on cooking oil. This marked Australia’s first commercial flight using sustainably derived biofuel.

Berries are simple fruits stemming from one flower. This means that pineapples, bananas, watermelon, pumpkins, and avocados are berries.

One horse can have approximately 15 horsepower. Horsepower is about 746 watts. The term was coined in the late 18th Century.

The Leaning Tower of Piza is tilted because of the soft soil that it’s built on – which has also protected it from at least 4 powerful earthquakes.

All the paint on the Eiffel Tower weighs the same as ten elephants. It gets repainted every seven years without closing to the public.

All new FBI special agents and intelligence analysts are required to visit the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.

While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent including Antarctica.

The blue whale’s heart is the size of a VW Beetle and weighs up to 1,000 lbs (453 kg).

One of the most widely used symbols for medical assistance is actually the Swiss flag and not a medical symbol.

Until 2007, slavery was legal in Mauritania. Even still, 1-4% of the population is still living as slaves.

A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed a Wendy’s in 2005.

The longest unbroken alliance in world history is between England and Portugal. It has lasted since 1386, and still stands today.

Before finally being accepted, J.K. Rowling’s original Harry Potter pitch was rejected by 12 publishers.

The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.

Garlic is known to attract leeches.

In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 rubber duckies fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years.

After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.

Aeroflot Flight 593 crashed because the pilot let his kids fly the plane, who unknowingly disengaged the autopilot function. The crash killed everyone on board.

It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.

A 26 sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.

Mob boss Vincent Gigante used to wander around New York in his bathrobe to convince the police he was insane and avoid capture.

The military has used silly string to detect tripwires in Iraq. Before entering a room, they can squirt it inside. If it hangs in the air, it may have revealed a wire.

By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.

So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest. The last case of smallpox was in 1977, and the last of rinderpest was in 2001.

A recently discovered deep-sea snail, the Scaly-Foot Gastropod, has a shell that is impressively developed. So much so, that the U.S. military is trying to use its design to inspire defensive layers in military armor.

There are over 6,000 known species of grass.

The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.

“Time anxiety” occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.

Ant queens can live for up to 30 years.

In 2014, Princeton researchers determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.

Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs!

Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha’s.

Meghan Trainor has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.

Garrett McNamara holds the record for the largest wave ever surfed, set in 2011 in Nazare, Portugal. The wave was 78 feet tall.

The logo on the Red Bull cans are not cattle, but a type of bovine called a “gaur”.

In Bruges, Belgium, there an underground pipeline that runs 2 miles to transfer beer from a brewery to the bottling plant.

The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.

The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney’s.

Ron Swanson’s character on Parks and Recreation is based on a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.

Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.

The 1831 London Bridge was sold in 1962 when it needed to be replaced. It was bought by Lake Havasu City, Arizona, to help tourism.

Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.

The first X-rated animated movie was Fritz the Cat. It is still the most successful independent animated feature to date.

Roughly 33% of cats are not affected by catnip. The euphoric reaction commonly associated with catnip is hereditary.

Facebook will track and record nearly everything you do if you browse the web while logged in to your Facebook account.

Bubble wrap was originally invented to be wallpaper. The creators tried to make plastic wallpaper with a paper backing, but it came out with plastic backing.

The longest Cricket Test match lasted over 12 days between England and South Africa. It only ended because the English team would have missed their boat home.

MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.

Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.

Madagascar got its name when Marco Polo misspelled it. The name stuck and the island was christened to the name in 1500.

Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks“.

The number of stars on the EU flag doesn’t represent anything. 12 stars were chosen as a number with no political association and as a symbol of unity.

High heels are nothing new to the world. In the 18th Century, they were fashionable even for children.

Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.

Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.

The manager of Guinness started the Guinness Book of World Records when he got annoyed that he couldn’t find out what the fastest game bird was ever recorded.

Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm, and BandAids.

One of the smartest bird species is the magpie. They can even recognize themselves in mirrors.

In order to keep Nazis away, a Polish doctor faked a typhus outbreak. This strategy saved 8,000 people.

The atomic number of zinc is 30.

The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.

There’s very little evidence the TSA has ever stopped a terrorist or found a real bomb. When tested, they failed to find fake weapons and bombs 95% of the time.

In the United States, each person owns an average of seven pairs of blue jeans. That’s one for every day of the week!

Whenever Charles Dickens was away from home, he would always realign the bed he was sleeping in to face Northwards, as he felt that this fostered and unlocked his creativity.

The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.

Since 1990 the United States has added more acres of forest than it has lost, with almost 20 million new acres of forest land added in the last 2 decades.

There is a liquid that you can breathe in called perfluorohexane. Animals can be submerged in a bath of perfluorohexane without drowning.

Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.

During a conversation each speaker’s “turn” averages 2 seconds, and the pause in between only 200 milliseconds. That figure is nearly universal.

Cold showers have more health benefits than hot or warm showers. These include improving circulation, stimulating weight loss, and easing depression.

Despite being landlocked, Mongolia has a navy consisting of seven men and one vessel, the “Sukhbaatar III“, stationed on Lake Khövsgöl.

During the Second World War, German tank drivers would drive their vehicles over camel droppings, thinking it would bring them good luck.

In Alabama, it is illegal to participate in shooting, hunting, gaming, card playing, or racing on Sundays. The fine ranges from $10 to $100.

Originally, bumper cars were not supposed to hit each other. Drivers were actually supposed to avoid crashing in spite of chaotic driving. The first company to patent a bumper car was in 1920 named Dodgem.

A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.

In the Netherlands version of Sesame Street, instead of Big Bird, they have a bluebird named Pino. He was later established as Big Bird’s cousin.

The full Bible has been translated into over 3,000 languages. Among those include fictional languages like Elvish, Klingon, and Na’vi.

The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.

The first 4th of July celebration was in 1777.

Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27 pm on May 11, 2009.

Snakes and lizards both molt out of their old skin as they grow. Investigators have come to the conclusion that dinosaurs may have also molted.

Zebras have only one toe on each foot.

Humans have been performing dentistry since 7000BC, which makes dentists one of the oldest professions.

Originally, the Pokémon Vulpix was going to be called “FoxFire”.

The first-ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.

Ancient Roman surgeons were trained to block out the screams of human pain.

William Hung, made famous for his appearance on American Idol singing “She Bangs“, is a 73rd generation descendant of Confucius.

From 1937 to 1953, NBC’s Today Show had a chimpanzee co-host named J. Fred Muggs. It is estimated he brought in the network around $100 million.

Because snow is composed of ice, it can be classified as a mineral. Water, however, does not fall under the same classification and is not a mineral.

Of the 9,000 Blockbuster stores that existed in the early 1990s, at least 10 Blockbusters are open across the U.S. Seven of those are in Alaska.

There is a geocache on the International Space Station placed in 2008. It has since been visited four times by other astronauts.

The Vatican had music that was forbidden to be copied and was only played twice per year. It was secret for almost 150 years until a 14-year-old Mozart heard it and transcribed it from memory.

Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.

Octopuses only touch in situations of mating or aggression. Female octopuses sometimes do both, strangling and eating the male after mating.

Scotland wanted to replicate the Parthenon bigger and cheaper in 1826. It was never completed and is now nicknamed “Scotland’s Disgrace”.

A French general gave John Quincy Adams a pet alligator. Adams kept it in one of the White House bathtubs and enjoyed showing it off.

In 1866, The United States purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million by writing a check.

In the Philippines, you can buy spaghetti at McDonald’s, where they also sell a “McDo” piece of chicken.

Though most think it’s Italian, pepperoni is an American invention. The first use of the word dates back to 1919.

The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.

Any prime number higher than three, when squared and subtracted by one, will always turn out to be a multiple of 24.

When dogs are first born, they are completely blind & cannot hear anything. The first sense which they develop is the sense of touch.

Margherita Pizza uses tomato, mozzarella, and basil toppings to represent the Italian national flag. It was originally to honor the Queen of Italy in 1890.

Sudan has more pyramids than any country with 255. They outnumber Egyptian pyramids by twice the amount.

The money for the Statue of Liberty came from fundraising from auctions, a lottery, and boxing matches in Europe and the U.S. The Statue cost the French about $250,000, which today would be over $5.5 million dollars.

Not all hamsters are small. Although some hamsters are as small as 2-4 inches, the largest ones are approximately 13 inches long.

The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.

Snakes can help predict earthquakes. They can sense a coming earthquake from 75 miles away, up to five days before it happens.

Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.

Animal’s yawn based on how large their brain is. The bigger the brain, the longer they will yawn.

Before Apple bought Siri, it was originally going to be released as an app for Android & Blackberry.

Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.

The Young America Township in Minnesota has a population of less than 1,000, but more than 20 zip codes.

The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35 percent cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.

Nutella was invented during WWII when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.

The original name for Xbox was DirectXbox designed to show how Microsoft’s Direct X graphics could improve the console market.

In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig. This is because guinea pigs are social animals, and they are considered victims of abuse if they are alone.

Walter Hunt, a man from America, invented the safety pin back in 1849.

The highest recorded fall without a parachute happened in 1972 at 33,333 ft. The victim, Vesna Vulović was in the hospital for 16 months after the fall.

A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement & permission of six different Christian leaders.

Eminem’s mother filed an $11 million defamation lawsuit against him because of his lyrics about her. She settled for $25,000 and $23,354.25 of that went to her lawyer.

San Marino is the fifth smallest country in the world (and the third smallest in Europe).

A woman faked her entire tragedy and the loss of her husband during the 9/11 attacks and became President of the Support Network in New York.

The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.

December 3rd is known as “Roof Over Your Head Day” – a day to be grateful for what we have in life!

Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.

Michael Jackson’s shiny glove was actually just a modified golf glove.

The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.

Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.

The only difference between kosher salt and table salt is the grain size. Kosher salt is smaller, and they both come from underground salt deposits.

Invented in 1923, Q-Tips were originally called Baby Gays; then Q-Tip Baby Gays, then finally just Q-Tips. The Q stands for quality.

1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.

Every 10 years, the human skeleton repairs and renews itself. Essentially, you have different bones now than you did 10 years ago!

The first game to be played in space was Starcraft – Daniel Barry took it with him in 1999 on the Space Shuttle mission STS-96.

Houston is the most diverse city in the United States. As of 2010, 43.8% is Latino, 25.6% is White, 23.1% is Black, and 6% is Asian.

May 29th is “National Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day“. It is celebrated in Europe & USA to bring luck & wealth to the household.

When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.

The little piece of paper sticking out of a Hershey’s Kiss is called a niggly wiggly.

As a child, Jet Li performed with the Chinese National Wushu Team for President Nixon. Nixon asked him to be his personal bodyguard, but he declined.

Eating grapefruit can restrict the effects of 43 different kinds of medications.

Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.

The word robot comes from the Czech “robota”. This translates into forced labor or work.

During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. It lasted less than 3 months.

Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.

The Canadian government isn’t sure when Canada became a sovereign state. Its Supreme Court ruled that sovereignty occurred sometime between 1919 and 1931.

On April 1, 2005, NASA pulled an April Fool’s prank telling the world that they had found water on Mars.

There’s a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named “Hooker” and its slogan is “it’s a location, not a vocation”.

Japan is facing a ninja shortage. There is a high demand for “ninja shows”, but it is a dying tradition and companies have trouble time finding properly trained ninjas.

New Jersey had 4 Governors in the span of 8 days in early 2002. The shortest term of those was served by John Farmer Jr. for 90 minutes.

George Miller – the person who created Mad Max is the same person who created Happy Feet.

Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.

In Svalbard, a remote Norwegian island, it is illegal to die.
This is because bodies are unable to be buried safely due to the permafrost on the ground. If you are about to die, they fly you back to mainland Norway to pass on there.

When cellophane was invented in 1908, it was originally intended to be used to protect tablecloths from wine spills.

A Dutch start-up company has been able to start training wild crows so that they pick up cigarette butts and put them in bins for a peanut as a reward.

We feel “hangry” because it’s harder for us to control our emotions when our brains are low on glucose.

The mayor of a historical district in Alaska is a cat named Stubbs. Mayor Stubbs drinks catnip laden water from a wineglass every afternoon, at a local restaurant.

Spam mail got its name from the canned meat after a Monty Python skit that made fun of Spam as tasting “horrible and being ubiquitous and inescapable”.

Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D. On the other hand, vegetarian dinosaurs such as the Triceratops, had eyes that looked out to the side so they could stay vigilant watching for danger as they ate.

In the 1980s, the founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can. His children honored the request.

You can now get a headstone with a QR code. Called “Living Headstones”, they show pages with photos, video biography’s, and comments from loved ones.

While filming Dumb and Dumber, Jim Carrey had his crown temporarily removed – that chipped tooth is real and a result of a childhood fight.

Ginger beer is brewed and fermented with ginger, while ginger ale is merely carbonated water flavored with ginger.

During the first live iPhone presentation, Steve Jobs had to frequently switch phones behind his desk. Otherwise, it would run out of RAM and crash.

In Mississippi, it is considered a federal offense to Dine-n-Dash on a check that is over $25. In California, it is only petty theft.

The NYPD had a police officer follow Andre the Giant whenever he went out drinking. This was to make sure he didn’t get drunk and fall on anyone.

In the popular film, The Godfather, the word “mafia” is never said because the actual mafia commanded it.

The only window that opens on the presidential car is the driver’s window, to pay tolls. It also has no keyholes, and only the Secret Service knows how to open the doors.

Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.

Animal Planet aired two fake documentaries that “proved” mermaids exist. So many people thought it was real that the U.S. government issued an official statement about it.

In 18th Century England, having a pineapple was a symbol of wealth because of high import fees. They would be used as displays instead of being eaten.

Marvel’s Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.

Instead of an agent, Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number where you can leave a message for him if you want to cast him for a movie or event.

When written down, the word “almost” is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.

The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.

The world’s most remote ATM is run by Wells Fargo in the Antarctic. The ATMs serve around 1,200 residents at the U.S. scientific facility.

The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries!

Hershey’s chocolate syrup, Ritz Crackers, DumDums, and Oreos are all suitable for vegans.

The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber was created by pairing together the sound of an idle film projector and the buzz from an old TV set.

Your tonsils can grow back if there was tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it’s accidental, other times it’s left on purpose.

Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and has not rejoined since.

Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.

There’s a reply to the saying “Liar, liar, pants on fire” – It’s “I don’t care, I don’t care, I can buy another pair”.

Only 2% of the world’s population has green eyes.

The A.D. and B.C. system was not proposed until 525 A.D. by a monk. However, it was not widely used until the 9th Century.

Daniel Radcliffe had the same stunt double for the first six Harry Potter movies – until the double was paralyzed from an accident on set during the filming of the 7th movie.

“Tater Tots”, a registered trademark, originally failed because people thought the product was too cheap. Popularity rose after the price was raised.

Movie theaters make roughly 85% of their profit off concession stands. This is because ticket revenues have to be shared with the movie distributors.

By mixing nonoplatelets from carrots and other root vegetables, concrete mixtures can be significantly strengthened, meaning less cement is needed to achieve the same effect.

Honey, and items immersed in honey, can be preserved for centuries. The long shelf life is due to an enzyme found in the stomachs of bees.

Credit card EMV chip technology has been around since 1986. It was first implemented in France, with Germany following shortly after.

The odds of being born on February 29th are 1 in 1461.

People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.

In the U.S., around ¾ of all houses possess at least 1 jar of peanut butter.

30 of the first 31 popes were murdered. Most of them were martyred, but not all causes of their deaths are known.

The average U.S. household has 300,000 things, from paper clips to ironing boards. U.S. children make up 3.7% of children on the planet but have 47% of all toys and children’s books.

The commonly known phrase “to a T”, means something that fits just right. Interestingly enough, this expression derives from a similar phrase “to a tittle”, which is a small mark that is used in spelling norms, like the dots of i’s or j’s, or an accent mark.

Both Motel 6 and Super 8 got their names from the original prices of the rooms. Motel 6 started at $6 in 1962, and Super 8 at $8.88 in 1974.

About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.

In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.

Rednex, the band that remixed and popularized Cotton Eye Joe, is not Southern, but Swedish. They all have Southern-sounding stage names.

BuzzFeed sponsored content costs about $20,000 for five or six “articles”.

Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.

The name for the shape of Pringles is called a “Hyperbolic Paraboloid”.

Writing down your worries before taking an exam can help combat test anxiety, improve performance and boost your test scores.

The highest body count in film history goes to “Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” with 836 on-screen deaths.

There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.

While filming Rocky IV, Lundgren hit Sylvester Stallone for real and he ended up in the hospital for nine days.

For almost 15 years, Vermont was technically its own country before joining the United States in 1791. It had its own coins and postal service.

An adult’s kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.

Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.

The German Autobahn has no speed limits because Western Germany saw them as a Nazi relic. This became effective in 1972.

If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. This would be a mixture of too much protein and an absence of fat in the diet.

The loudness of a monkey is relative to the size of its testicles. Researchers found that the smaller the testicles, the louder the monkey.

Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.

Joe Arridy had an IQ of 46 and is known as the “happiest prisoner on death row”. He went into the gas chamber with a smile. It turned out he was innocent.

There exists a plankton, Dinoflagellates, which if consumed, reverses your feeling of hot and cold – as well as hallucinations. Symptoms can last from weeks to years.

Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren’t even related to giant pandas.

After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.

Ewok Jerky was a popular snack across the Outer Rim in the Star Wars Universe.

Italy built an entire courthouse to prosecute the Mafia. They charged 474 members in a trial that lasted from 1986-1992. To date, it was the biggest trial in the world.

Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.

The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.

Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.

There are no visual differences between male and female herons.

Cranes are built using cranes.

In the popular 2014 movie “Godzilla“, the Godzilla portrayal was only seen for about 8 minutes in the entire film.

In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.

It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on February 18, 1979.

PewDiePie supported his YouTube channel by selling hot dogs. His persistence paid off when in 2012 his YouTube channel garnered over one million subscribers.

Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.

It takes longer to drown in saltwater than in freshwater. Because of this, around 90% of drownings occur in freshwater.

Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.

Steven Spielberg was executive producer of The Animaniacs.

Kanye West’s song “Hey Mama” was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.

More than 90% of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks delayed evacuation to save their work, shut down computers, change shoes, or visit the bathroom.

Queen Elizabeth saved up post-war clothing ration coupons in order to pay for her wedding dress in 1947.

Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.

Although dingoes are about the same size as a Springer Spaniel, they are brave enough to target an adult kangaroo when hunting in packs.

If you keep smelling something that is not really there, you may be experiencing the earliest symptoms of schizophrenia.

When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten-day mourning period for France.

Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.

Even though drugs are officially illegal in the Netherlands, it is legal to be under the influence of any drug to encourage people to seek medical help.

The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.

Rick Astley has his own brand of beer. It was a collaboration between him and the Danish microbrewery Mikkeller; it’s a red lager with “a hint of ginger”.

The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.

When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.

Bookworms are actual insects that bore holes in books. A major book feeding insect is a paper louse that feeds on microscopic mold in poorly kept books.

3 inches of ice can support one person, on foot. 4 inches can support a group of people, single file. 36 inches can support up to 110 tons of weight.

January 17th is known as “Ditch New Year’s Resolution Day”.

Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.

Russia has the most man-made satellites in orbit with 1,324. There is a total of 2,271 and the U.S. is in second place at 658.

The most difficult Chinese character requires 62 total strokes to write. The word itself, “biang” holds no meaning.

In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks, which unfortunately also hurts their species.

A certain type of box jellyfish’s venom will make you feel a strong sense of anxiety and sense of impending doom, and possibly thoughts of suicide. These symptoms can last up to two weeks.

The island in Lake Bled is the only natural island in Slovenia.

In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10 pm.

If sheep have long tails when they are born, the tails are cut off in order to prevent infection.

The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.

Because of the Electoral College, a presidential candidate can win with only 23% of the popular vote.

There was a snail glued to a specimen card in the British Museum mid-1800s. It spent four years glued there before scientists realized it was still alive.

August 21st is Senior Citizen’s Day – a day to honor the older generation.

William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.

Acetaminophen, one of the most popular painkillers, restrains masculinity and dulls emotions. It had been rejected in 1887 for its side effects, then approved in 1955.

The Twenty One Pilots fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.

A man who was hanged for his part in the Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot had his skin removed and it was used to bind a book that listed his offenses.

Valentine’s Day in South Korea is a little different. Only women give gifts, not men.

Cookie Monster’s real name is Sid.

Comedian Mitch Hedberg never passed on a job, having been told “no” so often early in his career that he felt like if he didn’t say “yes”, he might not be given the opportunity to perform again.

At any given moment, there are 1,800 thunderstorms happening on Earth. This amounts to 16 million storms each year.

March 3rd is known as “What if Cats and Dogs Had Opposable Thumbs Day”.

While writing the famous song, “Hallelujah“, Leonard Cohen originally wrote 80 verses for the song which he sometimes interchanges in and out depending on where he’s playing.

People can suffer from a psychological disorder called Boanthropy that makes them believe they are a cow.

Hugh Jackman often will tell the paparazzi where he is when he goes home to Australia so they can get their photos then leave him alone for the rest of his visit.

The “Lost” pilot was so expensive (over $10 million) that the Chairman of ABC was fired for green-lighting the project.

The largest living thing on earth is a giant sequoia named General Sherman.

Tupac was the first U.S. artist to have an album reach Billboard #1 while still in prison. It was his third studio album, titled “Me Against the World“.

If you multiply 1089 x 9 you get the exact reverse, 9801.

August 17th is known as Black Cat Appreciation Day.

Saturn is so big that Earth could fit into it whooping 755 times!

“Rap God” by Eminem packs 1,560 words into a 6 min 4 sec song. It holds the world record for most words in a hit single.

A water dropwort is a highly poisonous plant. If it kills you, it can cause you to smile after you die. This is called a sardonic grin.

There is a British chocolate scientist who insured her taste buds for £1 million.

Kraft singles cannot be advertised as cheese because U.S. FDA standards state a food can only be identified as cheese if it contains “at least 51% real cheese”.

When the Titanic sank in 1912, there were 3 dogs that survived. They had all been traveling with their owners in the First Class cabins.

China has a series of underground tunnels running 3,000 miles long. They are used to store and transport mobile intercontinental ballistic missiles.

Pitbulls rank high among the most affectionate and least aggressive dogs. Pitbulls are only aggressive when forcibly trained as such; usually for illegal dogfighting.

Using tanning beds before age 30 increases your risk of developing melanoma by 75%. Tanning beds and lamps are in the highest cancer risk category.

When Blackbeard captured ships, many of the African slaves on board would go on to become pirates. When he died, nearly one-third of his total crew were former slaves.

The Poodle is one of the cleanest breeds of dogs, making them a great choice for people with pet allergies. They don’t molt much at all, and they rarely smell either.

Owls have specialized feathers where the edges protrude out to dissipate airflow. This means that they are able to fly silently and are highly deadly hunters.

A man, Ben Sliney, grounded 4,000 commercial planes across the United States on 9/11 due to the attacks – it was his first day on the job.

Elton John tried to commit suicide once by sticking his head in an oven with the gas on low and windows open. He was found and stopped by his best friend Bernie Taupin.

California law does not allow or prohibit lane splitting – when motorcycles pass other vehicles within the same lane.

In California, you can get a ticket if you’re driving too slow.

Malta’s official language is Maltese; however, the majority of the population also speaks English.

More civilians died in the Battle of Stalingrad than the nuclear atrocities at Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined.

Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen in your body.

Both KitKat and Rolo is produced globally by Nestlé, except in the U.S. where it’s made by their competitor, Hershey’s.

When electricity was first installed in the White House in 1891, President Benjamin Harrison and his wife were afraid of electrocution because of the new concept. They refused to touch light switches so the staff had to turn the lights on and off for them.

35,000 hectares of peas are grown in the UK in a single year.

In 2007, a 1000-gallon inflatable swimming pool was stolen from someone’s back yard without a single drop of water being found!

Both U.S. and Soviet militaries have trained dolphins. They can be used for rescuing lost naval swimmers and locating underwater mines.

Being in a negative relationship can weaken your immune system.

October 19th is “Evaluate Your Life Day” – a day to think about your situation in life & wonder how it could be improved. Be sure to weigh the good and bad!

The total population of insects is estimated to be a billion times greater than that of the human population.

Snoop Dogg’s real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. His “Snoop Dogg” nickname came from his mother who thought he looked like Snoopy from the Peanuts.

When the historic Plaza Hotel in NYC opened in 1907, a room cost $2.50 per night, the same as $64.26 today. The Plaza now charges over $1,000/night.

Originally, the Eiffel Tower was going to be erected in Barcelona, but the project was rejected because citizens thought it was an eyesore.

The world’s longest place name has 85 letters & is located in New Zealand.

An amateur beekeeper and a group of scientists found that wax worms are capable of eating and breaking down plastic bags. The settings of a wax worm’s stomach can be recreated to safely dispose of plastic bags and bottles.

Long ago, people chewed on tree bark as a method of pain relief. Willow bark has a high amount of salicylic acid, an ingredient still used in aspirin today.

The oldest “your mom” joke was discovered on a 3,500-year-old Babylonian tablet in Iraq in 1976. The tablet has since been lost, but the text remains preserved.

Kangaroos keep growing until they die. They are the world’s largest marsupial.

In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.

A red blood cell takes only about 20 seconds to make a complete circuit through your body.

Iceland was chosen as the training ground for Apollo astronauts because it was the most “moonlike” surface.

A polygon with 30 sides is a triacontagon.

The shower-curtain effect is the phenomenon in which a shower curtain gets blown inward with a running shower. Scientists don’t know what causes this.

The KKK headquarters were purchased by the Catholic Church then turned into a church.

After a waitress at a pizzeria helped a customer choose the numbers for a winning lottery ticket in 1984, he “tipped” her $3,000,000 – half of his $6,000,000 prize money.

Jack Gilinsky is Jewish.

While most people think of Neil Patrick Harris as an actor, he is also a writer, producer, comedian, singer, and even amateur magician!

Part of the Falklands Islands is littered with leftover landmines from the Falklands War. This stretch of beach has become home to over 1 million penguins as they are too light to trigger the mines when walking on them.

Young Tyrannosaurus rex‘s probably had a thin coat of downy feathers to stay warm. They did not need them as they got older due to their size.

The first jet aircraft was invented in Nazi Germany. Development started in 1936, but the first takeoff occurred in 1939.

Vernor’s Ginger Ale is the oldest soda still being sold. It was created by Detroit pharmacist James Vernor, in 1866.

If you were to have your picture taken by the very first camera, you’d need to sit still for 8 hours.

Of the top 20 most-watched TV broadcasts in the United States, 19 were Super Bowls, and the other was the 1983 finale of M*A*S*H.

English accounts for 50% of visited webpages, even though the amount of English users is only 26%. Russian accounts for the 2nd most visited pages at only 6%.

In season 5 of Breaking Bad, Aaron Paul (Jesse) was paid $150,000 per episode.

September 25th is known as “World Dream Day” – a day about chasing your dreams, no matter how big or small they may be!

The National Basketball Association (NBA) was founded on June 6, 1946.

A snail can sleep for 3 years.

Since 1497, the United Kingdom has printed their laws on vellum, made from calf or goat-skin. They continue to do this in order to uphold the tradition.

Steven Spielberg and George Lucas wanted to make an animated Calvin and Hobbes movie. The author declined because he wanted to protect the integrity of the comic.

In New Delhi, if a tree falls sick, an ambulance is dispatched to treat them. This came into effect in 2009 and takes four people to do the job.

In 1998, David Bowie released an internet provider called BowieNet. Subscribers were offered exclusive content and a BowieNet email. It was shut down in 2006.

The 6th largest pyramid in the world is a Bass Pro Shops in the Memphis Pyramid. At 32 stories tall, it also has the tallest freestanding elevator in the U.S.

Ben & Jerry’s has an online flavor graveyard for their 10 discontinued ice cream flavors. Each one has a photo, life span, and epitaph.

Females are better at distinguishing colors, while males excel at tracking fast-moving objects and discerning detail from a distance.

During the Aztec reign, a slave could be bought for 100 cocoa beans.

The average temperature of a beehive is the same as a human body. Bees flap their wings to regulate heat.

The famous Lacoste crocodile symbol was created in 1933, and was the first designer logo ever.

Each day on Neptune lasts for around 16 hours, 6 minutes and 36 seconds.

“Infantry” sounds like “infant” as typically in ancient times an army’s infantry consisted of soldiers too young or too inexperienced to ride a horse and be part of the cavalry.

The fear of vegetables is called Lachanophobia.

During the cremation process of a 500 pound body, the corpse was so obese that it set the crematorium on fire.

In English, twelve is the largest number that has just one syllable.

Out of the 400 species of parrots, there is only one that can’t fly, called the Kakapo parrot.

Calling “shotgun” when riding in a car comes from the term “shotgun messenger”.
This term which was used to refer to the guard who sat next to the Stagecoach driver. The guards would use a shotgun to keep robbers and criminals away. It made its way into society due to Hollywood’s love of Western flicks.

Dogs with pointed and long faces tend to live longer than those which have flatter faces, such as pugs.

In 2005, Frito-Lay launched Cheetos Lip Balm, but it was quickly taken off the market due to its failure.

The average human heart beats 3.6 million times a year.

The average life expectancy of a toucan is a very impressive 20 years.

A standard 12oz jar of honey take 864 bees to produce.

7% of all American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows. That works out to 16.4 million people.

Marie Antoinette’s last words were to her executioner after accidentally stepping on his foot, saying, “Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it”.

In Japan, many families eat a KFC for Christmas Dinner. Many people order their meals months in advance and queue for hours to collect them.

Arctic and Antarctic trace their names to the simple meanings of “Bears” and “Opposite the Bears”.

Your earlobes line up with your nipples.

Jupiter completes a rotation of the Sun every 11.86 years.

Hanson made a beer called “Mmmhops”. They give away a free song with every bottle.

Using a hands-free device to talk on the phone while driving is shown to be equally or more dangerous than driving drunk.

Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death.

The first roller coaster was used to transport coal down a hill. After people found that it could reach speeds up to 50 miles per hour, tourists asked to ride on it for a few cents.

The Monster in Frankenstein was never actually named, although the Monster itself proposed the name “Adam”.

At one point, 50% of the CD’s produced worldwide had an AOL logo on it. The cost for the marketing campaign was in the billions – and it worked.

There are 30 times more trees on Earth than there are stars in the Milky Way. It’s estimated that there are 100 billion stars, and 3 trillion trees.

The first spacecraft to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.

According to Biblical Scholars, Jesus was more than likely born in a cave not a stable as the tale says.

The process by which bread toasts is called the “Maillard Reaction”.

The front paws of a cat are different from the back paws. They have five toes on the front but only four on the back.

The word “barbarian” originally referred to people who don’t speak Greek. The Greeks thought people who spoke a foreign tongue sounded like they were saying “bar bar bar” all the time.

A group of horses will not go to sleep at the same time – at least one of them will stay awake to look out for the others.

Antimatter is the most expensive substance on earth. It costs roughly $62.5 trillion per gram, or $1.75 quadrillion per ounce.

The word “friends” is said in every episode of Friends.

Alongside Sudoku, chess has been named as one of the best ways to improve the mind and the memory.

In Utah, birds have the right of way on a highway.

Logan was the most complained about movie in the U.K. in 2017 as viewers felt that the movie was too violent for its 15 rating.

It was Nicholas Cage who first advised Johnny Depp to pursue a career in acting, during the mid-1980s.

While hunting, stoats go crazy jumping, spinning, and twisting to get a rabbits attention. This hypnotizes the rabbit until the stoat gets close enough to attack.

Jellyfish are considered biologically immortal. They don’t age and will never die unless they are killed.

Extreme ironing is a sport in which people take ironing boards to remote locations and iron items of clothing. It originated in England.

Mickey Mouse was the first-ever cartoon character to talk. In the 1929 episode, The Karnival Kid, Mickey’s first words were “Hot dogs!”

Bob Ross’s hair was naturally straight but he chose to get a perm so he could save money on haircuts when touring the US penniless in his mobile home. Bob actually hated his curly hair but kept it as it was iconic.

The longer you spend dating somebody before marrying, the less likely the marriage is to end in divorce.

It costs almost $290,000 per year in fees to run a hot dog cart near the Central Park Zoo in New York City. This does not include cart incurred costs.

Around 15% of active Twitter accounts are social bots. This means there are nearly 48 million accounts that are not controlled by humans.

Contrary to popular belief, only 45% of the London Underground is actually underground.

In 2013, a plant was genetically spliced that grew tomatoes above ground, and potatoes underground. It is called the TomTato.

In Indonesian, there is a word, “Jayus”, that means “A joke told so poorly, and so unfunny that one cannot help but laugh”.

Overwhelmingly, red states have the highest rate of dog ownership while residents of blue states are more likely to keep a cat as a pet.

Frederick Douglass was the most photographed man of the 19th Century. He wanted to ensure an accurate depiction of Black Americans during the Civil War.

Apple seeds, cherry apricot, and peach pits contain cyanide, but it takes a large amount of each to actually make you sick or kill you.

In Australia, there are nearly twice the amount of kangaroos as there are humans.

During the Prohibition era, the U.S. Government allowed Whiskey to be sold through pharmacies. As a result, Walgreens grew from 20 retail stores to almost 400.

15% of iPhone users use an iPhone with a broken screen.

Baby owls are called “owlettes”.

The EU didn’t want to showcase any country over another, so the architecture on each EU banknote was created by a computer to make neutral designs.

Elephants can die of a broken heart if their mate dies.

The average person takes 12 seconds to count to 24.

It’s Australian tradition to eat sausages at polling places on election day called Democracy Sausages. For many communities, this is the biggest fundraising event of the year.

For her part as June Boatwright in the 2008 movie “The Secret Life of Bees“, Alicia Keys learned to play cello within 4 weeks.

Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has such severe dyslexia that he didn’t read his first novel until he was 38.

Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was also the voice of Shredder from the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon.

The fear of cooking is known as Mageirocophobia and is a recognized phobia.

In Cambodia, rats are being trained to sniff out land mines. They can clear 200 square meters in less than 35 minutes, which usually takes 2-3 days with a de-miner.

10% of Filipinos (approximately 10 million people) live overseas. The country with the highest amount in the United States with almost 4 million Filipinos.

The collective name for a group of unicorns is called a blessing.

President Ulysses S. Grant was arrested while in office. He was charged, booked, and released for speeding on a horse, and had to pay a fine.

Paddington Bear has 2 birthdays (just like the Queen). Paddington celebrates his birthdays on June 25th and December 25th.

Dogs have a total of 42 teeth when they are fully grown.

Originally, cigarette filters were made out of cork, the look of which was incorporated into today’s pattern.

In the early 1900s, there was a pod of killer whales who helped humans hunt down other whales in Australia. They would do this for the fins and tongues of the captured whales as rewards and this agreement was known as “The Law of Tongue”.

During 9/11, some fighters took off without live ammo, knowing that to stop the hijackers; the pilots might have to crash their fighters into the planes.

In Halden prison in Norway, guards are encouraged to interact, play sports, and eat with the inmates. This is to prevent aggression and create a sense of family.

The Danish flag is the oldest current flag of a sovereign state. It was adopted in 1370 or earlier. The second oldest is the Netherlands at 1572.

The entire world population could fit in Texas allotting 330 square feet per person. The area of Texas is about 262,000 square miles.

On average, 97 chickens are killed every 0.05 seconds worldwide.

When Michael Emerson was cast for the major television show Lost, he was only intended to be on for three episodes. However, the producers were so impressed with him, that they promoted him to a series regular.

Paul McCartney was only paid £1 for performing at the 2012 London Olympics Closing Ceremonies. He willingly donated his performance.

All of the sweaters Mister Rogers wore on his show were hand-knitted by his mother. He said he loved wearing them because they always made him think of her.

The maximum recommended consumption for Monster Energy Drink is 16oz in Australia, but 48oz in the U.S.A.

Coca-Cola was first served in 1886. At that time, only 9 colas were served on an average day, 3,285 a year. Today, 19,400 Coke products are consumed every second.

Alexander Hamilton was shot and mortally wounded by Aaron Burr on the same spot that his son had been killed 3 years before, and by the same set of pistols.

Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.

Medical errors are the 6th leading cause of death in the U.S.

Nicki Minaj is acrophobic, meaning she is afraid of heights.

Ed Sheeran has a ketchup bottle tattooed on his arm.

After a Muslim astronaut had trouble figuring out how to fast for Ramadan in space, a booklet was written to explain how to observe Ramadan while in orbit.

Manatees can get frostbite in water below 68 degrees Fahrenheit (20°C). Their fat is not designed to insulate them from the cold.

There is a town in India called Santa Claus.

“Darth Vader” is derived from Old Dutch, meaning “Dark Father”.

In the original Psycho movie, the blood in the famous shower scene was actually chocolate syrup.

There are more storms on Mars when the planet is closer to the sun.

False eyelashes were invented in 1916 when a producer wanted to enhance an actresses’ eyes in a movie. The lashes were made of human hair.

The word “Gymnastics” linguistically means “to train naked”. It is derived from the two Ancient Greek words “gumnasía” (athletic training, exercise) and “gumnós” (naked). This is because many Greek athletes would train naked for the Olympic games.

In the film Star Wars Episode Three: Revenge of the Sith, every single one of the Clone Troopers was produced using CGI effects.

You’re not allowed to swear if playing in Wimbledon. Because of this, line judges have to learn curse words in every language.

It is illegal to play a musical instrument in the Northern Territory, Australia, for the purpose of annoying other people.

Bob Marley’s last words were “Money can’t buy life”.

America consumes almost 50% of the world’s chocolate.

A study at Florida State University discovered that playing Portal 2 is better for your brain than brain-training games like Lumosity.

People who eat breakfast feel better both mentally and physically throughout the day.

The original Xbox contained edited snippets of actual transmissions from the Apollo missions.

When Pink Floyd designed the “Animals” album cover, the inflatable pig tied to the power station broke free, causing Heathrow Airport to cancel all their flights.

Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.

“Schnapsidee” is the German word for a ridiculous idea that only sounds good when you’re drunk.

Forgiveness is the number one trait linked to happiness in humans.

The police in Belfast, Northern Ireland, used music from an ice-cream truck to calm down angry teen rioters. The music diffused a tense situation, but the officers were reprimanded for it.

Ralph Lauren’s real name was Ralph Lifshitz.

In the 1830s, the ruler of Egypt Muhammad Ali Pasha wanted to disassemble the Giza Pyramids and use them as pre-cut building materials. Thankfully, the Quantity Surveyor for the project fudged the figures and made it look like it would cost too much to save them.

Pantheism is the belief that God did not create the universe, but rather the universe is God.

By using big data, Wal-Mart determined that people stock up the most on strawberry Pop-Tarts and beer before a hurricane.

The most used hashtags on Instagram are #love, #instagood, #me, #cute and #follow.

Cats can hear ultrasound.

Anna Bagenhold fell through a frozen stream while she was skiing and was stuck for over an hour. She made a full recovery and became the person to survive the lowest body temperature ever recorded at 56.7 F (13.7 C) even though she was clinically dead.

Aggressive sitting is a sport. It originated in Berlin no later than 2008. You can purchase a special stool for this sport for around 70 dollars.

The whole Harry Potter series contains 199 chapters, 4,224 pages, and 1,090,739 words and has been made into 19 hours and 39 minutes of the film.

Daniel Radcliffe identifies as Jewish, and his mother is Jewish too.

The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.

A group of parrots is known as a pandemonium of parrots.

On average, PewDiePie receives around 2 million YouTube views on each video after only 24 hours of uploading them.

When Jay-Z was 12, he shot his older brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry. He later referenced it in a song, titled “You Must Love Me“.

In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was a symbolic declaration of love, and to catch it was to show acceptance of that love.

The average computer user blinks seven times a minute, the normal rate is twenty times per minute.

If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale.

Worldwide cucumber production was 57.5 million tons in 2010 alone, with 40.7 million tons of production and export happening in China.

When tea started being sold in bags, originally it was intended to be removed from the bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea still in the bag.

If the electors of the Holy Roman Emperor did not vote within 30 days, they were only allowed to eat bread and water and forbidden to leave the city.

A woman once tried to commit suicide by jumping off the Empire State Building. She jumped from the 86th floor but was blown back onto the 85th floor by a gust of wind.

The original Star-Spangled Banner was sewn on the floor of a brewery in Baltimore in 1813 by Mary Pickersgill and her daughter.

Cucumber can actually cure bad breath. A slice pressed to the roof of your mouth for 30 seconds with your tongue allows the phytochemicals to kill the problematic bacteria.

Wonder Woman has a black sister, Nubia. She was sculpted from black clay-like Diana was sculpted from white clay.

Dartmouth’s unofficial mascot is a beer keg called “Keggy the Keg”. Created in 2003, it was initially controversial but is now part of the Dartmouth culture.

27,000 trees are cut down every day to supply the world’s toilet paper.

According to scientists, the weight of the average cumulus cloud is 1.1 million pounds.

Egg yolks are one of the few foods that naturally contain Vitamin D.

The first band to ever perform live on all seven continents was Metallica.

November 17th is known as “Unfriend Day”. On this day you should unfriend anybody who you don’t know or speak to.

A 2017 survey found Paraguay to be the happiest country in the world for the second year in a row.

In a few Appalachian forests, there are fireflies that glow blue for up to a minute instead of flashing yellow.

Spacesuits take 5,000 hours to make, costs 1 million dollars, weigh about 110 pounds, and have 11 layers of material.

There are more than 70 species of mushrooms that glow in the dark.

There is a Guinness world record for the longest amount of time needed to create an official government – it is held by Belgium.

Dylan Dauzat‘s fanbase are known as “Dylanators”.

Some butterfly species are extremely fast; the Skipper Butterfly can fly faster than a horse can run.

Canadian law requires citizens to answer a math question when entering sweepstakes. This is done to add some aspect of skill to the contest.

The Empire State building only took a little over a year to build (410) days and it was 12 days ahead of schedule when completed.

Neptune was the first planet to be found through mathematical predictions rather than telescopic location.

Foxes have whiskers on their legs. This helps them with their bearings, especially when it’s dark outside.

The call of a Kookaburra is used as the stock jungle sound effect in many movies and shows set in the jungles of Africa or South America, even though they are only in Australia and New Guinea.

Deep snow can sometimes appear blue in color because the extra layers of snow create a filter for light.

Crows can remember the faces of individual humans. They can also hold a grudge.

In 1942, a 12-year-old lied about his age to join the Navy. He became a decorated war hero at age 13 but was thrown out of the Navy after his mom found out.

A Brussels airline flight to Vienna was aborted because the pilot was attacked in the cockpit. The attacker was a passenger’s cat.

The least common day to be born on is May 22nd.

Reindeer are one of the only mammals that can see UV light.

Angelina Jolie performed her own stunts whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.

As per the Shark Tank contract, if you mention the name of any company you own, then Shark Tank automatically owns 5% of that company or gets 2% of the lifetime profits.

Because of its unique tilt, a single night on Uranus lasts for 21 years.

Alaska is the state which produces the most serial killers.

There is such an expansive collection of books under the British library in their archive, that if a person could read 5 books per day it would take 80,000 years to complete.

The King of Macedon threatened Sparta with “If I bring my army into your land, I will raze your city”. The Spartans replied: “If”. No attempt was made to capture the city.

85% of Valentine’s Day Cards are bought by women.

Chocolate ice cream has been proven to significantly reduce emotional and physical pain.

Due to paralytics administered, if you wake up during surgery, you probably wouldn’t be able to tell anyone.

In America, it is a federal crime to use your roommate or friend’s Netflix account.

Volkswagen owns Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Audi, Ducati, and Porsche.

Facebook causes you to overestimate how happy your friends are and, in turn, makes you more depressed.

Gatorade was invented to help the Florida Gators Football Team stay hydrated.

When Nike first started, it was called Blue Ribbon Sports. The name was changed in 1971.

28 is the atomic number of Nickel and the atomic mass of Silicon.

The modern salute is believed to be derived from the way in which French Knights would greet each other by lifting the visors of their helmets.

In 1937, a major fire broke out at the Fox Film Studios in New Jersey. The fire destroyed 75% of their movies, including most of their silent films.

Fungus is more closely related to animals on a genetic level than they are to plants.

No relationship is ever a waste of your time. If it didn’t bring you what you want, it taught you what you didn’t want.

The average person in France sleeps 8.83 hours per day, the most in the developed world.

Akon is the #1 selling artist for ringtones in the world.

Albert Einstein was married to his distant cousin; Elsa Einstein.

In the Pokémon games, Poliwag & Ditto have the same cry sounds.

The Hogwarts Express from the Harry Potter movies is a real train in Scotland.

Einstein’s brain went missing when he died in 1955 and was lost for 23 years. The doctor who worked on his autopsy stole it and kept it in a hidden cider box.

When you remember a past event, you are actually remembering the last time you remembered it, not the event itself.

At the 1936 Olympic games, competitors from Liechtenstein were shocked to discover their flag was the exact same as Haiti’s. Liechtenstein added a crown to their flag a year later.

Jada Smith formed a metal band called Wicked Wisdom in 2002, which is still active today.

In Zimbabwe, it is illegal for citizens to make offensive gestures at a passing car.

The word “oxymoron” is itself an oxymoron. This is because it derives from Ancient Greek where “oxy” means sharp and “moros” means stupid.

“She sells seashells by the seashore” was written about a female paleontologist from the 1800s. She actually sold dinosaur bones and fossilized shells.

Scientists have no idea how dinosaurs mated.

There is a Japanese village called Nagoro which has 35 inhabitants, but over 350 scarecrows!

Another term for your nieces or nephews would be “niblings”.

Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks!

The “butterflies” you get in your stomach when you see someone you like is actually a stress response called adrenaline.

The insurance company backing the payouts for “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” sued the show for being too easy.

Jessie J’s full name is Jessica Ellen Cornish.

There is no federally declared official language for the U.S. English is only the official language of 32 states.

It requires seven to eight trees to provide enough oxygen for just one person per year.

There are more people in the U.K. than in Canada, Australia, Norway, and Iceland combined. The U.K population is over 65 million.

Walking uses a total of 200 muscles with every step you take.

Give something back to the Earth on March 12th – because it’s officially known as “Plant a Flower Day”.

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the only film in the series not in the 50 highest-grossing films list.

The first known recipe of Angel Food Cake was published in 1878.

Arizona driver’s licenses don’t expire until you’re 65. You then have to renew in person every five years.

The name ASOS is an acronym for “As Seen On Screen”.

In general, people tend to read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper.

Rabbits can be literally “scared to death” if approached by a predator when they are totally unaware.

Pistanthrophobia is a common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.

September 3rd is International Bacon Day.

The same brain cycles that occur when asleep, still happen when you’re awake, but in smaller sections. Meaning, parts of your brain are always “falling asleep”.

One in every four cranes in the entire world is in Dubai.

The Lion King was originally called “King of the Jungle” before they realized that lions don’t actually live in jungles.

Several African countries don’t like second-hand clothes being imported to their countries because it is destroying their local textiles industry.

Pure cocoa can help prevent tooth decay. Naturally occurring chemicals in cocoa beans fight harmful bacteria in the mouth.

Baby rabbits are collectively known as litter.

All of the suits worn by Neil Patrick Harris on How I Met Your Mother were tailored especially for the actor. After the series finale, he took some of them home.

Iceland has a dating app that stops you from hooking up with your cousin.

NASA stands for “National Aeronautics and Space Administration”.

April 12th is known as “Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day”.

Every day in the U.S., more than 100,000 people get a speeding ticket.

Airport runway numbers actually indicate direction on a compass.

Suriphobia is the fear of mice.

The goliath frog is the largest frog in the world and can grow up to 12.5inch (32cm) in length, and weigh up to 7.2 pounds (3.3kg).

December 12th is Ding-A-Ling Day – a day to call friends and family that you haven’t spoken to in a while.

There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet within our solar system.

The age of the Universe is estimated to be 13.7 billion years. The oldest stars in the Milky Way, found in globular clusters, are 13.6 billion years old.

Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.

Japanese people rarely leave rubbish on the streets. As a result, Japan doesn’t need janitors.

The costume designers for The Lord of the Rings worked for two straight years making custom armor. Just one Orc suit had 13,000 rings and took 3 days to make.

Eye of newt, toe of frog, and wool of bat are just archaic terms for mustard seed, buttercup, and holly leaves.

Northern Korean people are legally only allowed to have one of 28 haircuts. Men and women can choose from 14 different styles.

Eating a banana can help to form a lining that prevents heartburn from getting worse.

The closest living relatives of hippopotamuses are whales, dolphins, and porpoises.

The Great Wall of China is 3,728 miles long.

When Play-Doh was first developed in the 1930s, it wasn’t a toy… it was a way to clean wallpaper.

In Ancient Bafia culture, one could purchase a wife for the price of thirty potato mashers.

In a human foot there are 26 bones.

Antarctica is the only continent that turtles don’t live on.

Warren Buffett eats at McDonald’s every single morning and only orders one of three things. It never costs him more than $3.17.

Psychopaths can only think of the possible positive consequences of their actions, not the negative ones.

Disney World is the second-largest purchaser of explosives in the United States, the first being the U.S. Department of Defense.

Hard cheeses have a longer shelf life than soft cheeses.

There were 19 living men in Austria found to be direct descendants of Ötzi the Iceman in 2013 determined by blood testing.

The Latin name for banana is “musa sapientum” which translates to “fruit of the wise men.”

July 3rd is International Plastic Bag Free Day – it’s a day about making a little change to make a big impact (for the better) in the future.

Coca-Cola owns all website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h’s.

In 1907, a woman was arrested on a beach in Boston for wearing a one-piece swimsuit.

Mountain Dew is slang for moonshine. It was originally created as a mixer for moonshine and whiskey in Tennessee.

The center of a comet is called a nucleus.

A crocodile escaped out of a duffel bag on board a flight in the Congo, causing everybody to go to the front of the plane. This caused the plane to crash, leaving only one survivor.

August 5th is known as National Underwear Day – the perfect day to add some new, confidence-boosting pieces to your underwear collection.

Sprite was manufactured as Coca-Cola’s response to the popularity of 7 Up.

The word “white” comes from the Indo-European root “kweit” meaning “to shine”.

Although many people think shaving causes the hair to grow back quicker, there is no scientific evidence for this.

In 1999, PayPal was voted as one of the top ten worst business ideas.

Ziggy Marley, Bob Marley’s son, wrote the theme song for the popular children’s cartoon, Arthur, when he was 26.

Cameron Dallas‘ middle name is Alexander.

Around 70% of people tilt their heads to the right rather than the left when kissing somebody else.

The name Milky Way derives from the Greek “galaxías kýklos” or “milky circle” due to its appearance as a dim milky band in the sky.

If your throat tickles, scratching your ear can make it go away.

A dog was the first living creature to be sent into space in 1957.

There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on every beach in the world.

Of the 70% of water covering the Earth only 3% of it is fresh, the other 97% of it is salted.

Baltimore is the largest independent city in the U.S. with a population of 621,849. Meaning, it is not part of any county.

Applying non-fat yogurt to a sunburnt area is a natural way to deal with sunburn.

Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point – When blindfolded, we will gradually walk in a circle.

Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.

Even though smoking has been banned on airplanes, ashtrays are mandatory on every plane. This is for safe disposal in case someone breaks the law.

79% of pet owners sleep with their pets.

Brussels Airport is the world’s biggest chocolate seller, selling over 800 tons of chocolate a year.

Although Saturn is the second-largest planet in our solar system, it is also the lightest planet!

The Apple Lisa was the first commercial computer with a graphical user interface (GUI) and a mouse.

When you have to make a choice, and every choice is a bad one, it’s called a zugzwang.

Victoria’s Secret was originally supposed to be a store for men to shop for their female partners without feeling embarrassed.

The mongoose is one of those rare animals that are immune to a snake’s venom.

Mulan has the highest kill count of any Disney character, including villains, and was the first Disney Princess to be shown killing people on-screen.

In Greece, women are not legally allowed to wear high heels or tall hats in the Olympic Stadium.

Most catfish are normally active at night, however, the Peppered Cory Catfish is active more often during the day.

There was a man in the late 1700s who had such a constant and severe appetite, he was once kicked out from a hospital because they thought he ate an entire toddler.

Lake Superior contains 10% of the world’s freshwater. It is the size of South Carolina and contains 2,900 cubic miles of water.

Erotomania is a psychological disorder where the sufferer has delusions that another person is in love with him or her.

Harry Burnett Reese, the founder of Reese’s chocolate, was a former shipping foreman and a dairy farmer for Milton S. Hershey, the founder of Hershey’s chocolate.

Selfies now cause more deaths than shark attacks. It is estimated there are 28 selfie-related deaths per year, with the leading cause being heights.

Carrots have zero fat content.

Cards Against Humanity bought an island in Maine to preserve wildlife. It is called Hawaii 2.

Leather products like handbags or shoes can be polished with the inside of a banana skin, simply rub it on and wipe it off with a cloth.

“Death by PowerPoint” is a term relating to the intense boredom of useless PowerPoint presentations.

Intentionally farting on a California prison guard can get you an additional 11 years in prison.

Nearly every brand of hard liquor is vegan.

Giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function, decrease blood pressure, and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes.

The Cesky Terrier is the rarest breed of dog in the world. Around 350 of them exist in total worldwide.

Puma, cougar, and mountain lion are names for the exact same animal. The scientific name is puma, but they are more commonly referred to as cougars.

Kesha was an extra in Katy Perry’s music video for “I Kissed a Girl“. Katy had some of her friends in the video – among those, a then unknown Kesha.

In the Philippines, it is considered good luck if a coconut is cleanly split open without jagged edges.

One of Hitler’s favorite tunes to whistle was the very popular, “Who’s Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?”

Jennifer Lopez was the first actress to have a movie and an album hit number one in the same week.

After the attack on Pearl Harbor, there were 3 sailors trapped in the USS West Virginia who could not be rescued and it took 16 days for them to die.

Jack Daniel (the founder of the whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.

Clinomania is the excessive desire to lay in bed all day.

At his audition for The Office, John Krasinski told someone he was nervous about the producers ruining the show because of how great the British version was – little did he know, the person he was talking to was the show’s executive producer.

Hawaii’s state flag is the only U.S. state flag to feature the Union Jack upon it.

The radio took 38 years to reach a market audience of 50 million. The television took 13 years and the iPod only took 3 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.

If a snake has its head chopped off – that chopped-off head can still bite and unleash a huge amount of venom.

Instead of having an army, Andorrans all must keep a rifle. The law also says that police officers can offer up a firearm if the need arises.

Pope Francis used to be a nightclub bouncer.

King Kong was the first movie to ever have a sequel.

With the exception of a few organs, caterpillars liquefy almost completely while undergoing metamorphosis.

Sonic the Hedgehog is in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the fastest gaming character ever.

Each day, your mouth produces anywhere from 2 to 4 pints of saliva.

BTS was the first K-Pop group to get their own Twitter emojis.

The Green Lantern debuted in 1940, making the Lantern’s first debut only two years after Superman’s.

Gleeking is the act of stimulating the salivary glands underneath your tongue into spitting a concentrated jet of pure saliva.

Bill Gates house was designed using a Macintosh Computer.

Playboy has been publishing braille versions of their magazines since 1970, however, no pictorial representations are included.

In 1986, a soviet Aeroflot pilot tried to land the plane blindly with all the windows curtained due to a bet with the co-pilot. He crashed and killed 70 of the 94 passengers on board.

26 is the atomic number of iron.

The swan has over 25,000 feathers on its body.

Biting someone with false teeth in Louisiana, USA is considered aggravated assault.

Allodoxaphobia is the fear of opinions.

Temperature affects your attitude towards others. For example if you hold a warm coffee as opposed to a cold coffee, you are more likely to be more selfless towards others.

Male cats are called toms and females are called queens or mollies.

Nowhere in the Bible does it say there were three wise men, just three gifts.

When Kurt Russell smashed the guitar in “The Hateful Eight” he accidentally destroyed an irreplaceable 145-year old museum piece, instead of one of the replicas.

Arachibutyrophobia is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth.

Ladybugs bleed from their knees when threatened.

Butterflies have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, this is known as the exoskeleton.

The creators of the PNG image file format wanted it to be pronounced as “ping”.

Dogs can be allergic to humans – specifically, their dander. While being treated for this allergy, it can take up to 12 months for a dog to recover.

World Kindness Day falls on November 13th and is a day to make the world a better place by showing just a little kindness to everybody.

Makeup has been used by women since before Cleopatra’s time. They would use berries and other fruits to give their faces some color.

85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.

When he was President, George H.W. Bush banned broccoli from Air Force One and the White House.

The British tried to invent a ship made out of wood pulp and ice during World War II. Called Project Habakkuk, it was shelved due to costs.

Although the saltwater crocodile has the highest recorded bite force in any animal, the muscles to open its mouth are weak. Its mouth can be shut with a couple of layers of duct tape.

John Steinbeck was born on February 27, 1902. He wrote 27 books including Of Mice and Men.

In over 35 British divorce cases in 2012 alone, the video game “Football Manager” was cited.

The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.

The last picture taken of John Lennon while he was alive had his killer in the frame.

Gasping for air in a high altitude environment, plus UV light reflecting off the snow will cause the roof of your mouth to get sunburnt.

Tutankhamun’s parents were brother and sister.

A bottle of Coca-Cola has a PH scale of 2.8, and could dissolve a nail in just 4 days.

The Titanic was about three times bigger than Noah’s Ark, with a volume of 4.6 million cubic feet.

The Eiffel Tower was inaugurated the same year Nintendo was founded and Adolf Hitler was born: 1889.

The largest snowflake in the world was found in 1887 it was 15 inches wide and 8 inches thick.

China banned Back to the Future because it contained time travel.

Donald Trump owns and operates around 18 golf courses around the world.

January 10th is “Peculiar People Day” – a day to celebrate those of us who are a little quirky, weird or eccentric.

Aaron Carpenter got verified on Instagram on April 29, 2015.

The U.S. government gave Indiana University $1 million to study memes.

Cards Against Humanity celebrated Black Friday by digging a hole as long as people donate. They raised over $100k.

Coca-Cola was the first drink that was ever consumed in space.

Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects 90% of the sunlight, making it more reflective than snow.

God is the only Simpsons character who has five fingers. The rest of the characters are only seen with four.

In India, the flying of a kite is illegal under a 1934 law, which classes kites as aircraft.

The very first bottle of Dr Pepper was sold in America on January 12, 1885.

“Finger Lickin’ Good” had a bit of a mishap when translated to Chinese for their first KFC outlets in the country, the famous phrase became “eat your fingers off”.

Giraffe hearts pump twice as hard as a cow’s heart, in order to get blood to its brain.

Nike was founded on January 25, 1964, by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight.

The “Pinky Promise” originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.

The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.

Drinking water and staying hydrated will help the fluids in your sinuses from becoming sticky, which causes more snoring.

In feudal Japan, lords purposely built homes with squeaky floors as a defensive measure against ninjas.

In 2015, Ariana Grande won two MTV Millennial Awards for the “Global Instagrammer of the Year” and “International Hit of the Year” with her single “One Last Time“.

The word “peacock” does not actually apply to both male and female birds. It’s only the males that are called peacocks, while the females are called peahens. Together, the collective name for them is “peafowl”.

Evangeline Lilly is a notoriously bad driver. She has been in at least 8 car accidents, and none of them were with another car.

In 1993, Aleksandr A. Serebrov took his Game Boy to space. Later, it was auctioned for $1,220 and is said to have orbited earth 3,000 times.

The patterns on a giraffe are totally unique – no two giraffes are ever the same.

Geomelophagia is someone who has the urge to eat raw potatoes.

Drink green tea before bed to burn calories while sleeping. Green tea will also increase your metabolism.

As of May 2015, 2.3 Million Americans still subscribed to AOL Dial-Up Internet.

The average inmate at Alcatraz read 75-100 books per year.

There are computers designed for Amish people, with selling points like “No internet, no video, no music”.

Legoland Billund opened on June 7, 1968, and attracted over 3,000 visitors on the first day!

Overall Subway, actually has more chains than the fast-food juggernaut, McDonald’s.

In 1911, Bobby Leach was the 2nd person to go over Niagara Falls in a barrel. He died 15 years later from slipping on an orange peel and getting gangrene.

In Texas, according to Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, it is legal to kill Bigfoot if you find it. It would be considered a non-protected nongame animal.

During 1922 & 1933, The Coca-Cola Company was offered a chance to buy the Pepsi-Cola company, and it declined on three separate occasions.

Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while playing games.

Cardi B’s birth name is Belcalis Almanzar.

A group of whales is called a pod.

Bumblebees have hair on their eyes.

The word “Android” means a human with a male robot appearance.

Triton, one of Neptune’s moons, is gradually getting closer to the planet it orbits.

The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not named after either a Greek or Roman God.

Kiss means “pee” in Swedish.

In New Jersey, it’s illegal to wear a bulletproof vest while committing a violent crime.

The most leaves ever found on a single clover is 56.

There is actually a difference between coffins and caskets – coffins are typically tapered and six-sided, while caskets are rectangular.

“Strategic incompetence” is the art of avoiding certain tasks by pretending you don’t know how to do them.

A 23 sided shape is called an Icosakaitrigon.

Turkeys aren’t just for Christmas. June is National Turkey Lover’s Month.

When Pablo Picasso died in 1973, he was the richest artist in history.

The inventor of Vaseline, Robert Chesebrough, ate a spoonful of the stuff every single day.

“Led Zeppelin” originally wanted to be called “Lead Zeppelin” but they felt that “thick Americans” would pronounce the word wrong.

The serial number on Darth Vader’s suit of armor was E-3778Q-1.

More than 45 million turkeys are cooked and eaten in the U.S. at Thanksgiving.

Liège, Belgium tried to use 37 cats to deliver mail in the 1870s. Most of the cats took up to a day to deliver the mail, and the service was short-lived.

A female’s heart is smaller than a male’s by about 25%. Because of this, the female heart has to beat around six times more than a male heart to pump the correct amount of blood around the body.

In 1325, two Italian city states fought over a bucket which resulted in 2,000 deaths. It started when two soldiers stole a bucket from a well from the city center.

In 2000 the first permanent crew inhabited the International Space Station (ISS), and have been there ever since.

Turkey vultures use defensive vomit to get rid of any disturbing animal. They can propel their vomit up to 10 feet.

During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in Berlin Zoo.

Peaches are the third most popular fruit grown in America.

Emilie de Ravin‘s biggest TV role as Claire Littleton on the hit show “Lost“, loves peanut butter – which is unintentionally ironic because Emilie is allergic to peanuts. In reality, her biggest weakness is actually chocolate.

Jupiter has 69 moons. A few are 12-37 miles in diameter, but most are barely 1 mile in size. Jupiter itself is 317 times the mass of the Earth.

In a survey, 33% of dog owners admitted to chatting over the telephone to their dogs.

Losing Weight is the most common New Year’s resolution.

A sunset on Mars is blue.

In “Part 1” of the Battlestar Galactica mini-series, there is a scene where Serenity, the ship from Firefly, can be seen flying through the sky.

The smallest possible measurement of length is known as the Planck Length. Anything smaller than this would break everything we understand about physics

The social media website, MySpace, was founded in 2003 and sold for $580 million in 2005. At this time, it was the most visited social networking site in the world, and even surpassed Google as the most visited website in the United States!

One of the earliest depictions of dreadlocks dates back to 1600 BC to the Minoan Civilization, one of Europe’s earliest civilizations, who lived in what is now known as Greece.

The most expensive domain name ever sold was cars.com for an astonishing $872.3 million.

Polygamy is the practice of having more than one husband or wife at the same time. Polygyny is where a man is married to more than one woman, and Polyandry is where a woman is married to more than one husband.

As of September 2016, the Giant Panda was downgraded from “endangered” to “vulnerable” on the Global List of Species at Risk of Extinction.

The world’s oldest surviving bank is “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena”, which was founded in 1472, and is currently Italy’s 3rd largest bank.

The letter Z is the least frequently used letter in written English. It is more common in American English than in British English due to spelling differences.

The cardboard holder that you often get around a takeaway cup of coffee is called a “zarf”.

The logo for the Monster energy drink cans is not an M as most believe, but are claw marks from a monster ripping through the can. In 2014 a YouTube video gained an international audience when they claimed that each segment of the claw mark looks like the Hebrew symbol for the number six, making the logo into 666, the number of the Beast.

The largest pumpkin pie ever baked was in 2005, and weighed 2,020 pounds, or just over 916kg.

The Triangle took nearly 100 years to become a popular orchestral instrument.

The first computer virus ever created was called Creeper, back in 1971. Shortly after this virus was created, Reaper was created as the world’s first anti-virus.

The earliest mention of the mythical creature, the Unicorn, dates back from as far as 2700 BC in Asia and was described as a creature of great power and wisdom.

The oldest webcam stream online today is The San Francisco FogCam and has been operational since 1994.

In Japanese legend, it is said that anyone who folds 1,000 origami cranes will be granted a wish by the gods.

Doggerland is the area of land connecting Great Britain to continental Europe. It was flooded by rising sea-levels (6500-6200 BC), turning Great Britain into an island.

Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.

No number from one to 999 includes the letter “a” in its word form.

Edgar Allan Poe married his 13-year-old cousin.

Jupiter is twice as large as all the other planets combined.

The Super Soaker was designed and invented by a NASA engineer.

Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down.

Salt used to be a currency.

Alaska is the only state whose name is on one row on a keyboard.

There are only four words in the English language which end in “dous”: tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.

There are 32 muscles in a cat’s ear.

The chicken and the ostrich are the closest living relatives of the Tyrannosaurus rex.

Junk food is as addictive as drugs.

The largest bill to go into circulation in the United States was a $10,000 note.

In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.

A cubic inch of human bone can bear the weight of five standard pickup trucks.

A dragonfly has a lifespan of only one day.

Honey is the only food that does not spoil.

Toy Story helped sell the Etch-a-Sketch.

Four out of five children recognize the McDonald’s logo at three years old.

Barbie and Ken broke up in 2004. (Don’t worry. They got back together in 2011.)

One single teaspoon of honey represents the life work of 12 bees.

It’s impossible to tickle yourself.

It’s also impossible for you to lick your own elbow.

Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.

Pope John Paul II was an honorary Harlem Globetrotter.

Mulan has the highest kill-count of any Disney character.

3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.

The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.

Chalk is edible.

Most pandas in the world are on loan from China.

Oreo has made enough cookies to span five back and forth trips to the moon.

Dr. Seuss invented the word “nerd.”

A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel can.

Due to a genetic defect, cats can’t taste sweet things.

Queen Elizabeth II is a trained mechanic.

Cap’n Crunch’s full name is Captain Horatio Magellan Crunch.

Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.

The average American spends about 2.5 days a year looking for lost items.

Apple seeds contain cyanide.

The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.

Montpelier, Vermont, is the only U.S. capital without a McDonald’s.

There’s a city called “Rome” on every continent except Antarctica.

There are around 16 million people alive today that are direct descendants of Genghis Khan.

Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.

Your body contains about 100,000 miles of blood vessels.

Alfred Hitchcock didn’t have a bellybutton.

A blob of toothpaste is called a nurdle.

If you plug your nose, you can’t tell the difference between an apple, a potato, and an onion.

Most babies are conceived in December.

A group of hippos is called a bloat.

Slinkies are 82 feet long.

Most car horns are in the key of F.

New Jersey grows two-thirds of the world’s eggplants.

Almonds are members of the peach family.

Riding roller coasters can help you pass kidney stones.

Marie Curie’s 100-year-old belongings are still radioactive.

About 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out weird sexual positions every year.

Each year, Americans eat enough burgers to circle the earth more than 32 times.

There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.

Pogonophobia is the fear of beards.

You spray 2.5 drops of saliva per word.

Mary Shelley allegedly lost her virginity on her mother’s grave.

If you open your eyes in a pitch-black room, the color you’ll see is called “eigengrau.”

A shark is the only animal that can blink both its eyes.

An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.

Barbie’s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.

If your stomach doesn’t produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks, it will digest itself.

Every time you lick a stamp, you consume one-tenth of a calorie.

The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.

Most American car horns honk in the key of F.

101 Dalmatians, Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, and Mulan are the only Disney cartoons where both parents are present and don’t die throughout the movie.

A pig’s orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.

To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs. It will let you go instantly.

In 1912, a law passed in Nebraska where drivers in the country at night were required to stop every 150 yards, send up a skyrocket, and wait eight minutes for the road to clear before proceeding cautiously, all the while blowing their horn and shooting off flares.

More Monopoly money is printed in a year than actual money throughout the world.

Finland has the most metal bands per capita.

According to research, fans of classical music and those who love heavy metal have shown to have similar personalities.

Singing in a group boosts morale.

In 1993, Rod Stewart hosted the largest free concert.

Somali pirates have such a hatred for Western culture, that the British Navy uses music from Britney Spears to scare them off.

Metallica is the only band to have played on all seven continents. (Yes, including Antarctica.)

Music has some pretty interesting effects on living things. It makes plants grow faster and cows produce more milk.

In 2016, Mozart sold more CDs than Beyonce.

Prince is credited with playing 27 different instruments on his debut album.

In 2015, astronaut Chris Hadfield released an album while still in space.

Listening to music can improve your physical performance. (This could mean in the gym or between the sheets.)

The country of Russia is bigger than Pluto.

Women have more tastebuds than men. So there you go, another reason why women deserve chocolate more than men do.

Many oranges are actually green.

The opposite sides of a die will always add up to seven.

Playing dance music can help ward off mosquitoes.

The King of Hearts is the only king in a deck of cards without a mustache.

“Dreamt” is the only word in the English language that ends with “mt.”

On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.

It’s possible to turn peanut butter into diamonds.

Nearly 10 percent of all dreams include sex.

Dragonflies have six legs but can’t walk.

Linda Lou Taylor of Indiana holds the Guinness World Record for the most married person. She’s been married 23 times.

Bears don’t poop during hibernation.

The world’s most expensive dessert from New York City’s Serendipity 3 cafe came in at a whopping $25,000.

You are 13.8 more likely to die on your birthday than any other day, something William Shakespeare can relate to.

Animals that lay eggs don’t have belly buttons.

Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas.

Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backward.

Children tend to grow faster in the spring.

On average, a human being will spend up to two weeks kissing in his/her lifetime.

Rhubarb can spring up so fast that you can actually hear it grow.
Due to their high oil content and lower water content, pistachios are prone to self-heating. In fact, if transported in large groups, they can spontaneously combust!

In the Middle Ages, black pepper was considered a luxury. It was even used to pay rent and taxes on occasion.

In 1965, astronaut John Young snuck a corned beef sandwich into space for a six-hour mission. Spoiler alert? The sammie didn’t do well in the zero-gravity environment.

The oldest known soup recipe dates back to 6,000 B.C. Among the ingredients? Hippopotamus and sparrow meat.

In the 1830s, ketchup was used medicinally.

The number of hot dogs consumed on the Fourth of July could stretch from Washington, D.C., to Los Angeles five times over. (Cue Legally Blonde quote: “You look like the Fourth of July — it makes me want a hot dog real bad!”)

Space is completely, totally, and utterly silent.

No one knows just how many stars are in space.

A NASA spacesuit costs a cool $12,000,000.

The footprints made on the moon will be there for 100 million years.

Scientists have found a mass of water vapor cloud 10 billion light-years away from earth that is 140 trillion times the mass of water on Earth’s surface.

The moon was once a piece of the Earth.

Venus looked just like earth two billion years ago.

Neptune orbits the sun once every 165 years.

Dark Matter accounts for over 85 percent of the universe.

If the moon dropped out of the sky tomorrow it would influence our oceans, the weather, Earth’s axis, and even the length of our days.

Mercury & Venus are the only 2 planets in our solar system that have no moons.

In total, there are 176 confirmed moons that orbit the planets in our solar system, with some of them being bigger than Mercury itself!

If a star passes too close to a black hole, it can be torn apart.

For 20 years, a team of astronomers observed a star at the center of our galaxy orbiting a black hole.
The star has now got close enough to the black hole for “gravitational redshift” to occur which is where the star’s light loses energy as the black hole’s gravity intensified.

The hottest planet in our solar system is Venus.
Most people think that this would be Mercury, as it is the closest planet to the sun.
However, Venus has a lot of gasses in its atmosphere which creates a “Greenhouse Effect” that causes a constant temperature of 864° Fahrenheit (462° Celsius) everywhere on the plant’s surface.

Our solar system is 4.57 billion years old.
Well, give or take 30 million years(ish). Accurately speaking, it is 4.571 billion years old.
Scientists estimate that in about 5 billion years, our Sun will expand becoming a Red Giant.
In about 7.5 billion years its expanding surface will swallow up and engulf the Earth.

Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects 90% of the Sun’s light.
Because Enceladus’ icy surface reflects sunlight rather than absorbing it, temperatures reach as low as -394° Fahrenheit (-201° Celsius).

The highest mountain discovered is the Olympus Mons, which is located on Mars.
Its peak is 16 miles (25 km) high, making it nearly 3 times higher than Mount Everest.
And not only is it tall, but it’s also 374,015 ft² (114,000 m²) wide – that’s an area the size of Arizona!

The Whirlpool Galaxy (M51) was the first celestial object identified as being spiral.
The grand, spiraling arms of the Whirlpool Galaxy are made up of long lanes of stars and gas, sprinkled with lots of space dust.
These arms act as star formation factories, compressing hydrogen gas and creating clusters of new stars.

A light-year is the distance covered by light in a single year.
Light moves at the velocity of about 186,411 miles (300,000 km) a second.
So one light-year equates to roughly 5,903,026,326,255 miles!

The Milky Way galaxy is 105,700 light-years wide.
It would take a modern spacecraft 450,000,000 years to travel to the center of our galaxy!

The Sun weighs about 330,000 times more than Earth.
It is about 109 times the diameter of Earth and is so large the Earth could fit inside the sun about 1,300,000 times over!
In fact, the sun is so gigantic that it contains 99.85% of all mass in our solar system.

Footprints left on the Moon won’t disappear as there is no wind.
But wait a minute… if there’s no wind to blow them away then why is the flag blowing? Well, it actually wasn’t blowing.
That rippling you see is because of a stubborn telescopic horizontal rod that the astronauts were struggling to remove from the flag’s upper hem.

Because of lower gravity, a person who weighs 220 lbs on Earth would weigh 84 lbs on Mars.
When sending droids to the surface of Mars, this is something scientists plan for, being able to load the droid up with more equipment and build it from more robust materials.

There are 79 known moons orbiting Jupiter.
Jupiter is the planet in our solar system with the most moons, and it also has the largest moon in our solar system.
That moon is called Ganymede and is 33,279 miles (5,262 km) in diameter – that’s bigger than Mercury and it is visible with just a pair of binoculars!

The Martian day is 24 hours 39 minutes and 35 seconds long.
So you’d therefore assume there are less days in a year on Mars than Earth, right? Wrong!
Because Mars orbits the sun slower than the Earth, there are actually 687 Martian days in a Martian year!

NASA’s Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite (LCROSS) found evidence of water on the Earth’s Moon.
Whilst water cannot exist on the Moon’s surface under its current conditions, scientists believe water ice could survive within the cold, permanently shadowed crates at the Moon’s two poles.

The Sun makes a full rotation once every 25 – 35 days.
So for us on Earth, one full rotation equals one full day. However, our gargantuan sun takes 25 – 35 Earth days to make one full rotation!

Earth is the only planet not named after a God.
Nobody knows how the Earth got its name; all we know is that it is derived from an amalgamation of both the Old English and Old Germanic words for “ground”.

Due to the Sun and Moon’s gravitational pull, we have tides.
This is because the Moon’s tidal force causes the Earth – and the water on it – to bulge out on the side closest to the Moon.
These bulges are what cause the world’s high tides.

Pluto is smaller than the United States.
If you were to walk around the equator of Pluto it would be the same distance as walking from London to Denver (well, give or take 56 miles).

According to mathematics, white holes are possible, although as of yet we have found none.
A white hole is a hypothetical region of space-time which can’t be entered from the outside, although matter and light can escape from within.
Basically, it’s the reverse of a black hole.

There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet in our solar system.
There are more than 1,600 major volcanoes across the surface of Venus, including a 5 mile (8 km) high volcano called Maat Mons.
However, none of these volcanoes are known to be erupting at present and most are probably long extinct.

Uranus’ blue glow is due to the gases in its atmosphere.
Uranus’ atmosphere is made up of hydrogen, helium and methane.
The methane in Uranus’ upper atmosphere filters out all the red light from the Sun but reflects the Sun’s blue light back into space, giving it its blue appearance.

In our solar system that are 4 planets known as gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus & Neptune.
A gas giant is a large planet that is made up mostly gases like hydrogen and helium, and has only a relatively small rocky core.

Uranus has 27 moons that have been discovered so far.
It has 5 large moons, and 22 small moons. Titania is the largest of Uranus’ moons and is the eighth largest moon in our solar system with an average diameter of 980.5 miles (1,578 kilometers).

Because of its unique tilt, a season on Uranus is equivalent to 21 Earth years.
Also the 97.77 degrees tilt on Uranus’ axis means that a day there only last 17 hours, 14 minutes and 24 seconds.

Neptune’s moon, Triton, orbits the planet backwards.
Triton is the only large moon of any of the planets that does this.
This is known as a retrograde orbit and astronomers are unsure as to why Triton orbits Neptune this way.

Triton is gradually getting closer to the planet it orbits.
Scientists believe that when Triton eventually gets too close to Neptune, it will be torn apart by the planet’s gravity and could potentially create another ring around Neptune – giving it more rings than Saturn.

There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand in the world.
There are 10 times more stars in the night sky than grains of sand on the Earth, with 70 sextillion stars being visible from Earth through a telescope.
To put that in numbers, 70 sextillion is this: 70,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.

Neptune takes nearly 165 Earth years to make one orbit of the Sun.
That’s equivalent to 60,190 Earth days to orbit the sun once! Neptune has a very slow orbital speed of 3.37 miles per second (5.43 km/s).
This means that since it was discovered in 1846, it has only completed just one orbit!

Pluto’s largest moon, Charon, is half the size of Pluto.
The same surfaces of Charon and Pluto always face each other, which is known as mutual tidal locking.

The International Space Station is the largest manned object ever sent into space.
At 119 yards (109 meters) long, the International Space Station (ISS) sits roughly 250 miles (400 km) above the Earth and is the third-brightest object in the night sky.

A day on Pluto is lasts for 153.6 hours long.
This equates to 6 days 9 hours and 36 minutes. A day on Pluto lasts so long because of its slow rotation rate.

Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system.
It has a radius of 36,184 miles (58,232 km) – nine times that of Earth.
However, due to its low density it only has a weight roughly one-eighth of Earth.

Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere.
This is because of something called surface tension, which is an imbalance of intermolecular attractive forces.
This can also occur in low Earth orbit.

Mercury, Venus, Earth & Mars are known as the “Inner Planets”.
They are named the Inner Planets because they orbit closest to the Sun.
An inner planet is classified as a planet located within the asteroid belt.

We know more about Mars and our Moon than we do about our oceans.
We have fully mapped 100% of the surface of Mars and Earth’s Moon, whereas we have only been able to map roughly 5% of the ocean floor.

The Black Arrow is the only British satellite to be launched using a British rocket.
Black Arrow was developed during the 1960’s and was used for four launches between 1969 and 1971.
In 2019 it was retrieved from its crash landing site in the Australian outback and put on a display Penicuik, Scotland.

Only 5% of the universe is visible from Earth.
68% of the universe is dark energy and 27% is dark matter. Both of these are invisible, even with a telescope, which means we are only able to see 5% of the universe.

Light travels from the Sun to the Earth in less than 10 minutes.
The Photons emitted from the Sun’s surface travel across the vacuum of space at the speed of light to reach our eyes in only 8 minutes and 20 seconds.

At any given moment, there are at least 2,000 thunderstorms happening on Earth.
Worldwide, there are an estimated 16 million thunderstorms each year.
Roughly 100,000 of these thunderstorms happen in the U.S. alone.

The Earth’s rotation is slowing slightly as time goes on.
This means that days were shorter in the past. This is because of the tidal effects the Moon has on the Earth’s rotation.

If you were driving at 75 miles per hour, it would take 258 days to drive around Saturn’s rings.
Saturn’s rings are roughly 175,000 miles long, although they are only about 3,200 feet thick.

You can find out more interesting facts about Saturn’s rings here!

Outer Space is only 62 miles away.
Although there is no official solid boundary for where space begins, the Kármán line sits at 62 miles above sea-level and is conventionally used as the start of outer space in space treaties or for aerospace records keeping.

The International Space Station circles Earth every 92 minutes.
The speed of the ISS as it orbits Earth is roughly 17,150 miles per hour – that equates to 5 miles a second!

Stars twinkle because of the way light is disrupted as it passes through Earth’s atmosphere.
Starlight is affected by the winds in our atmosphere as it enters, as well as being affected by different areas and temperatures.
This causes the light from each star to twinkle as we look at them.

We always see the same side of the Moon, no matter where we stand on Earth.
This is because the Moon rotates on its axis at the same rate that it rotates the Earth. It’s known as synchronous rotation or tidal locking.

There are three main types of galaxies: elliptical, spiral & irregular.
The Milky Way galaxy, the one that our solar system resides in, is classified as a spiral galaxy.

There are approximately 100 thousand million stars in the Milky Way.
Out of all the known galaxies, the Milky Way is the one that contains the most stars.

Using the naked eye, you can see 3 – 7 different galaxies from Earth.
You can see the Andromeda Galaxy (M-31), both Magellanic Clouds, our own Milky Way galaxy, the Triangulum Galaxy (M-33), the Omega Centauri and the Sagittarius Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy.

In 2016, scientists detected a radio signal from a source 5 billion light-years away.
This means that when the signal started its journey, Earth didn’t even exist.
The detected signals were located using the Very Large Array (VLA) of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in New Mexico.

The closest galaxy to us is the Andromeda Galaxy – it’s estimated at 2.5 million light-years away.
Before the discovery of the Andromeda Galaxy, the Large Magellanic Cloud was believed to be the closest galaxy to us.

The first Supernovae observed outside of our own galaxy was in 1885.
This supernova was called the S Andromedae, located in the Andromeda galaxy.
This was observed by Ernst Hartwig in Estonia and was only made possible due to the recent invention of the telescope.

The first-ever black hole photographed is 3 million times the size of Earth.
The photo was released in April 2019 and shows a halo of dust and gas 310 million trillion miles from Earth.
It was captured by the Event Horizon Telescope, a network of eight linked telescopes, and was also captured due to the algorithm of programmer Katie Bouman.

The distance between the Sun & Earth is defined as an Astronomical Unit.
An Astronomical Unit (AU) equates to roughly 93 million miles or 150 million kilometers.

The second man on the moon was Buzz Aldrin. “Moon” was Aldrin’s mother’s maiden name.
She was born Marion Moon and later married Edwin Eugene Aldrin.

Buzz Aldrin’s birth name was Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.
He got the nickname “Buzz” from his sister’s mispronunciation of the word “brother”, which became “buzzer”.
In 1988, he legally changed his first name to “Buzz”.

On Venus, it snows metal and rains sulfuric acid.
This is because Venus is a scorching planet choked with sulfuric acid, which causes the planet’s metals to become gas and then liquid in the atmosphere, before raining down to the ground after the freezing temperatures turn it into a solid.

The Mariner 10 was the first spacecraft that visited Mercury in 1974.
It was launched at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in 1973 and flew by Venus 3 months later. It then crossed into Mercury’s orbit managing to photograph 45% of Mercury’s surface.
The second spacecraft to visit Mercury was the “Messenger”, which completed mapping of 100% of Mercury’s surface in 2013.

Space is completely silent.
This is because there is no air in space, and air is needed to carry the sound vibrations.

Coca-Cola was the first commercial soft drink that was ever consumed in space.
The first food ever eaten in space was applesauce and was eaten by John Glenn in space during the Friendship 7 mission in 1962.

Astronauts can grow approximately two inches (5 cm) in height when in space.
This is due to the lack of gravity in space causes the discs between the vertebrae to expand a little.
However, this extra height is lost when re-entering the Earth’s atmosphere and being subjected to the Earth’s gravity again.

The Kuiper Belt is a region of the Solar System beyond the orbit of Neptune.
The Kuiper Belt is a ring of icy bodies and is where Pluto is located.

The first woman in space was a Russian called Valentina Tereshkova.
She launched into both history and space during the Vostok 6 mission on June 16, 1963.
She spent almost three days in space and orbited the Earth 48 times in her space capsule before returning to Earth.

If Saturn’s rings were 3 feet long, they would be 10,000 times thinner than a razor blade.
The rings around Saturn are so thin because they are made up of pieces of dusty water ice ranging in size from dust grains to boulders.

The Hubble Space Telescope is one of the most productive scientific instruments ever built.
Astronomers using Hubble data have published more than 15,000 scientific papers. Those papers have been cited in other papers 738,000 times.

The first artificial satellite in space was called “Sputnik”.
It was launched by the Soviet Union into an elliptical low Earth orbit on October 4, 1957.

Exoplanets are planets that orbit around other stars.
All of the planets in our solar system orbit around the Sun. But what about other solar systems?
In 2009, NASA launched a spacecraft called Kepler to look for exoplanets, and has discovered thousands since its launch.

The center of the Milky Way smells like rum & tastes like raspberries.
This was discovered by the IRAM radio telescope zeroed in on a gas cloud called Sagittarius B2 at the center of the our galaxy.
The IRAM detected a chemical called ethyl formate which gives rum its distinct smell and raspberries their distinct flavor.


Our moon is moving away from Earth at a rate of 1.6 inch (4 cm) per year!
Scientists do believe that eventually the Moon will move out of the field of Earth’s gravity; however this won’t happen for billions of years to come.

Pluto is named after the Roman god of the underworld, not the Disney Dog.
The name for the planet was suggested by Venetia Burney, an eleven-year old British schoolgirl, to the planet’s discoverer Clyde Tombaugh.

Spacesuit helmets have a Velcro patch, to help astronauts itch.
This is the Velcro patch’s one and only purpose.

The ISS is visible to more than 90% of the Earth’s population.
When you see the International Space Station (ISS) in the night sky it appears as a fast-moving star crossing from horizon to horizon.

Saturn is the only planet that could float in water.
Although Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system, it is also the lightest planet.
Saturn could float in water because it is mostly made of gas – although the real fact here is that you would need a giant bath tub!

Asteroids are the byproducts of formations in the solar system, more than 4 billion years ago.
The birth of Jupiter in our solar system prevented any planetary bodies forming between Mars and Jupiter, causing the small objects that were there to collide with each other and fragment into asteroids.

Astronauts can’t burp in space.
This is because the lack of gravity in space means the air in astronaut’s stomach doesn’t separate and rise up from ingested food.

Uranus was originally called “George’s Star”.
This name was in honor of discoverer William Hershel’s new patron, King George III.
The name “Uranus” was proposed in 1782, one year after its discovery, but wasn’t officially used until 1850.

A sunset on Mars is blue.
Mars has less than 1% of the Earth’s atmosphere.
So the sunsets on Mars appear as blue due to the way the blue light from the Sun is captured within the atmosphere of Mars.

The Earth weighs about 81 times more than the Moon.
The Moon’s gravity, much like other planets, differs depending on where you are on its surface.

The first living mammal to go into space was a dog named “Laika” from Russia.
Laika was a stray mongrel from the streets of Moscow and was launched into space on the Soviet spacecraft Sputnik 2 on November 3, 1957.
Sadly, Laika died 5-7 hours into the flight due to overheating and stress. Poor doggo.

The word “astronaut” means “star sailor” in its origins.
It is derived from the Greek words “astron”, meaning “star”, and “nautes”, which means “sailor”.
So, the word astronaut literally means “star sailor”.

Gennady Padalka has spent more time in space than anyone else.
He is an RKA cosmonaut and has spent 879 days in space
He has worked on both Mir and the International Space Station.

Mercury has no atmosphere, which means there is no wind or weather.
Instead of an atmosphere, Mercury possesses a thin exosphere made up of atoms blasted off the surface by the solar wind and striking meteoroids.

In China, the Milky Way is known as the “Silver River”.
In Japan and Korea “Silver River” means galaxies in general, not just the Milky Way.

Red Dwarf stars that are low in mass can burn continually for up to 10 trillion years!
A Red Dwarf is a small and cool star in a later stage of its life and has a surface temperature of less than 7,200k degrees Fahrenheit.

Scientists once believed that the same side of Mercury always faced the Sun.
However, in 1965 astronomers discovered that the planet rotates three times during every two orbits it makes.

Jupiter’s Red Spot is shrinking.
Jupiter’s red spot is a huge swirling hurricane-like storm that used to be three times the size of Earth! However, the storm is shrinking over time, but even as it shrinks it gets taller.
Scientists are still stumped as to what’s causing this although they believe it may be to do with jet streams on Jupiter changing location or direction.

A large percentage of asteroids are pulled in by Jupiter’s gravity.
For this reason, Jupiter is known as the dumping grounds for our solar system.
Many of the asteroids that are potentially harmful to Earth, the long period comets, tend to be sucked into Jupiter’s gravity field.

A day on Mercury is equivalent to 58 Earth days.
This is because Mercury rotates on its axis very slowly compared to Earth.

As space has no gravity, pens won’t work.
Normal pens work by gravity pulling the ink towards the pen’s nib (the writing part) – as you hold the pen in your hand writing part facing downwards.
As there’s no gravity in space, the ink doesn’t get pulled to the nib.
However, special pens have been made that work in zero gravity.

On average it takes the light only 1.3 seconds to travel from the Moon to Earth.
The distance between the Earth and the Moon is only 238,855 miles (384,400 kilometers).

There are 88 recognized star constellations in our night sky.
These 88 constellations cover the Earth’s night sky and can be observed from the southern and northern hemispheres.

The center of a comet is called a “nucleus”.
The streams of dust that streak behind comets are known as a “coma” or a “tail”.

As early as 240BC the Chinese began to document the appearance of Halley’s Comet.
After 164BC there was a continuous recording of the comet each time it was visible.

In 2006, the International Astronomical Union reclassified Pluto as a dwarf planet.
This is because Pluto does not gravitationally dominate the neighborhood around its orbit.

There are 5 Dwarf Planets recognized in our Solar System.
The Dwarf Planets are Ceres, Makemake, Haumea, Eris and Pluto.
The dwarf planet Ceres is also the largest asteroid in our solar system, and resides in the asteroid belt, making it the only dwarf planet to not inhabit the outer solar system.

Mars is the most likely planet in our solar system to be hospitable to life.
In 1986, NASA found what they believe may be fossils of microscopic living organisms in a rock recovered from the surface of Mars.

Halley’s Comet will pass over Earth again on July 26, 2061.
The famous comet was last seen on February 9, 1986, and only orbits the Earth once every 75 – 76 years.

There is a planet half the radius of the Earth with a surface made up of diamonds.
55 Cancri e has a mass eight times that of Earth’s despite having half the radius, and may very well have a surface made up of graphite and diamonds.
It is only 40 light-years away and visible to the naked eye under the constellation of Cancer.

Buzz Lightyear from Toy Story has actually been to outer space!
Buzz Lightyear spent 15 months onboard the International Space Station and returned to Earth on September 11, 2009.

If you’re a female and you feel like your heart beats quicker than your male counterparts, you’re not wrong. Women’s hearts are proven to beat faster than men’s.

As well as having faster heart beats, women blink twice as much as men as well.

Hiccups can last a very long time. The record is held by Charles Osborne – this poor man had hiccups for a total of 68 years without stopping!

Around 70% of people tilt their heads to the right rather than the left when kissing somebody else.

Can’t remember your dream from last night? That’s perfectly normal, since most people will forget 90% of their dreams.

Make sure you wear a hat this winter – a total of 80% of your body heat is lost through your head, so it’s time to invest in a good woolly beanie.

It’s not just your cheeks that turn red and expose your embarrassment when you’re blushing. Your stomach also turns red, but not many people will notice this.

Every 3-4 seconds, around 50,000 cells in your body will die and be replaced by new ones.

Fingerprints are unique to each person, making them an amazing phenomenon. Adding to this is the fact that they’re developed within just three months of conception, meaning you were totally unique from the start.

During the average lifetime, your heart will pump a grand total of 182 million liters of blood.

If you’re a man, the smallest cells in your body are sperm cells.

It’s scientifically proven that children grow faster in the spring, so you’re not imagining things when your little nephews and nieces seem to be suddenly older by the summer.

It’s much less effort to be happy – you’ll use 17 muscles to smile vs. 43 to frown and be miserable.

While this can’t be said for everybody, the average person will say around 5,000 words every single day.

If you thought steel was strong and durable, your bones are five times stronger! It’s difficult to break them, but that’s why it hurts so much when you do.

Babies seem to have big eyes since the eyeball never actually grows. On the other hand, your ears and nose never stop growing!

The chances of living to be 100 years old are very slim for most people, and only one out of every two billion people will live to be 116 years old.

Research on heart attacks was carried out, and one of the conclusions was that Monday is the most likely day to have a heart attack – be careful!

No matter how many times you try, it’s impossible to sneeze and keep your eyes open at the same time.

After a long day at work, you will be around 8mm shorter than you were in the morning. If you feel taller when you wake up, it’s because you are.

The average person will have sex 4,239 times during their life.

While you’re flying in an airplane, your hair will grow at twice the rate it usually does. That’s why you seem to need more regular haircuts when you’ve been traveling a lot.

Our taste buds seem to change throughout our lives, but by the age of 60, the average person has lost half their taste buds. This is why older people don’t seem to care as much about bitter or unusual tastes.

Being locked in a totally sealed and closed room wouldn’t cause you to die from a lack of oxygen. You would eventually die, but from carbon dioxide poisoning.

People burn more calories being asleep than they do by watching the TV. More reason to take a nap!

In your mouth alone, there is more bacteria than there are people in the entire world.

Every 10 years, the human skeleton repairs and renews itself. Essentially, you have different bones now than you did 10 years ago!

Wondering about the largest muscle in the human body? The gluteus maximus wins the prize for that one.

While it’s not the largest muscle, the award for the strongest muscle goes to the masseter, more commonly known as the jaw muscle.

By the time you’re a fully-grown adult, approximately a quarter of all your bones are in your feet.

The amount of bacteria in your entire body is ten times more than the amount of human cells.

Your fingerprints aren’t the only part of your body which are completely unique to you. Your tongue also has a unique pattern and print to it.

Humans are constantly shedding particles of skin throughout the day. You’ll mainly notice this when you get out of the bath or shower. By the time you’re 70 years old, you will have shed around 100 pounds of skin.

Everybody produces large quantities of saliva, and during the average lifetime, a human will have produced around 25,000 quarts of saliva, which is enough to fill two swimming pools!

When you sneeze, it could potentially travel at 100 miles per hour (or even faster!).

It’s not uncommon for your feet to sweat a lot. Every day, your feet can produce roughly one pint of sweat. Ew!

The human brain is very powerful – it uses as much energy as a 10-watt light bulb.

Nobody really knows how many nerve cells there are in the brain. There are so many, that it would take you around 3,000 years to count each one.

If you weigh 150 pounds, 21 pounds of this is the weight of your skeleton.

The average person will walk around 100,000 miles during their lifetime. It’s time to start the pedometer!

Think you could spend five years of your life eating? You probably will – if you add up all the minutes you spend eating each day, it will amount to roughly 43,800 hours.

Can you hear your eyeballs moving around in your head? If you can, you’re one of a few people who actually have the ability to do this, and it’s perfectly normal.

If the human brain was spread out as a flat object, it would be roughly the size of a pillowcase.

Have you ever thought about the space between your eyebrows? There’s a name for this area, and it’s called the “glabella.”

Rubatosis isn’t necessarily an illness, but it can be very unsettling for people who experience it. It refers to the intense awareness of your own heartbeat.

We have hair in various places around our bodies, but the fastest-growing is facial hair – that’s why guys have to shave so often.

Men’s hair tends to be twice as coarse as women’s hair. This explains why females usually have much softer and smoother hair than man – it’s because the diameter is about half as large.

Natural blondes usually have more hair than people with other hair colors.

You could remove your stomach, spleen, one lung, appendix, a kidney, and still survive perfectly fine.

Being pregnant can cause some weird things to happen. Most women will dream about one or more of three common things during pregnancy – frogs, worms and potted plants!

If you don’t have blue eyes now, you were born with them. Everybody is born with blue eyes due to pigment melanin, but the color will change for most people as they grow up.

Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.

You can’t hear as well if you eat too much. Your hearing is affected by the amount of food you consume, so if you need to hear something well, avoid large meals.

Although you can’t always remember what the smell is, your nose can remember around 50,000 different scents.

While two-thirds of people need to have glasses for either reading or long-distance, the rest of the population has 20-20 vision.

When you die, your hair and nails will stop growing too.

If you haven’t snored for the duration of your life, 60% of men and 40% of women will have started snoring during sleep by the age of 60.

Feel like you need to go to bed? We can survive for much longer without eating food than without sleeping. Personalities may change, and you may find it impossible to function after not sleeping for a day or two.

Sunburn can permanently damage your blood vessels, so make sure you wear sun protection when the sun is out!

Around 90% of illness and disease are either caused or complicated by stress, which is why it’s important to work on reducing stress levels over the course of your life.

Walking uses a total of 200 muscles with every step you take.

No matter how ticklish you are, it’s impossible to tickle yourself since you’re expecting it and your brain processes it differently.

No other creatures besides humans produce tears of emotion. You may see other animals with tears, but these are not through emotion.

A baby has 99 bones more than an adult. As they grow up, the bones join together which is why a person ends up with fewer bones.

The largest blood vessel is the aorta. This is just over an inch in diameter.

Your body has lots of iron in it – there’s enough to grow your nails to a maximum of three inches long!

Tiny mites (so small that you can’t see them) are living on your eyelashes and on other body hair.

When your armpits start to smell, it’s not the sweat that causes the nasty odor. It’s actually the bacteria which lives in sweaty areas.

If you have blue eyes, you are more likely to have a high tolerance for alcohol. The downside of this is that you are also more likely to become dependent on alcohol and suffer from addiction and alcohol abuse.

The best camera in the world has 200 megapixels, but your eyes would have 576 megapixels if it was a camera.

Each person has approximately 4 pounds worth of bacteria inside and outside their bodies.

Your blood pressure and heart rate can be decreased by listening to relaxing music. Sometimes music is used in hospitals to slow down the heart rate of patients if necessary.

Your brain uses around 20% of the total oxygen and blood in your body.

One million billion pieces of information can be stored by the brain. Now there’s no excuse not to get top marks on your exams!

Your brain is at its peak when you’re in your late 40’s. If you haven’t reached that point yet, don’t worry because you’ve got time to get even smarter.

A fever with a temperature of more than 107.5 degrees Fahrenheit is enough to damage your brain significantly and cause death if you don’t seek medical attention.

Contrary to popular belief, the heart is in the middle of your chest, between the right and left lungs. However, it tilts slightly to the left, creating the illusion it is in the left side.

Your brain is developed and created using 50% of your genes. The other 50% of your genes are used for the rest of your body.

On average, fat cells will exist in your body for 10 years before they are replaced.

Every 10 days, your taste buds get replaced. This doesn’t change the way you taste things, although your sense of taste does change over time.

Although many people think shaving causes the hair to grow back quicker, there is no scientific evidence for this.

Your little finger is the smallest one on your hand, but it is actually responsible for 50% of your hand strength. Without it, you would notice more difference than losing any of your other fingers.

Out of every 200 people, one person will have an extra rib.

Want to know how to tell if somebody is lying? People blink a lot less while telling a lie, and then speed up afterwards.

Phonagnosia is a condition whereby people cannot recognize different voices, no matter how familiar they are with the person. Around 3% of people are born with this.

Cracking your knuckles doesn’t necessarily cause arthritis. If you develop arthritis, it’s most likely because of something else.

If you want to burn maximum calories, go for a run when you first wake up and before you eat anything. Exercising on an empty stomach will burn around 20% more calories.

Humans have less genes than a tomato, and worms have just as many genes as humans.

You can recognize a sound in as little as 0.05 seconds, which is less time than it takes to blink.

If you’re a woman and you’re suffering from back pain, wearing a bra won’t reduce this.

Due to the cellulose found in grass, humans are unable to digest it properly. Grass would also wear down your teeth rather quickly.

Your big toe is the most useful one when it comes to moving around – it bears around 40% of your overall body weight.

The human heart beats around 100,000 times every single day.

Red blood cells are responsible for carrying oxygen all over the human body. This is why people with a low blood count often feel tired and fatigued.

There are people of different colors in the world because of the level of melanin in the body. This is something which is passed on through genes.

Babies blink once or twice per minute, compared to adults who blink around 10-12 times per minute.

On average, the body takes around 12 hours to totally digest food that you’ve just eaten.

The surface area of an adult’s set of lungs is approximately 70 square meters.

Your sense of smell is around 100 times stronger than your sense of taste.

However, the human sense of smell is much weaker than the sense of smells which animals have.

A study from Harvard University finds that having no friends can be just as deadly as smoking. Both affect levels of a blood-clotting protein.

Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.

Roselle, a guide dog, lead her blind owner down 78 flights of stairs. The descent took about an hour and they both safely made it out.

The same brain cycles that occur when asleep, still happen when you’re awake, but in smaller sections. Meaning, parts of your brain are always “falling asleep.”

Tupac was the first U.S. artist to have an album reach Billboard #1 while still in prison. It was his third studio album, titled “Me Against the World”.

The German Autobahn has no speed limits because Western Germany saw them as a Nazi relic. This became effective in 1972.

Dartmouth’s unofficial mascot is a beer keg called “Keggy the Keg.” Created in 2003, it was initially controversial but is now part of the Dartmouth culture.

The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.

Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.

Bi-weekly has two different definitions: twice a week, or once every two weeks.

Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.

Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.

If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote’s signal range. This works by using your brain to act as a radio transmitter.

Santa Claus was issued a pilot’s license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.

Both Motel 6 and Super 8 get their names from the original prices of the rooms. Motel 6 started at $6 in 1962, and Super 8 at $8.88 in 1974.

The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.

When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.

Berries are simple fruits stemming from one flower. This means that pineapples, bananas, watermelon, pumpkins, and avocados are berries.

In South Dakota, you can get a driver’s permit at age 14 with parental consent. Once you turn 16, you can get your license.

Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.

The world’s first motel is in San Luis Obispo. Built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.

Jack Daniel (the founder of the whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.

Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.

The Black Death killed so many people in the 14th century that the world population did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century.

IKEA is an acronym that stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, the farm where he grew up, and hometown.

Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.

Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first-ever animated show to air during primetime.

There are 10,000 underground nuclear bunkers in Beijing, built during the Cold War. They were later sold as real estate, and are currently inhabited by 1 million people.

Researchers have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.

A bolt of lightning can reach 53,540 degrees Fahrenheit. That’s 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is 10,340 degrees Fahrenheit.

Samsung means “three stars” in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.

Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.

Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a workday.

The highest recorded fall without a parachute happened in 1972 at 33,333 ft. The victim, Vesna Vulović was in the hospital for 16 months after the fall.

The most expensive virtual object is “Club NEVERDIE” in the Entropia Universe which is worth $635,000. It was originally bought at $10,000.

In New Delhi, if a tree falls sick, an ambulance is dispatched to treat them. This came into effect in 2009 and takes four people to do the job.

From 1953 to 1937, NBC’s Today Show had a chimpanzee co-host named J. Fred Muggs. It is estimated he brought in the network around $100 million.

Dwayne Johnson set a new Guinness World Record for the Most Selfies taken in 3 minutes. He took 105 selfies with fans at his movie premiere for San Andreas.

Ben & Jerry’s has an online flavor graveyard for their 10 discontinued ice cream flavors. Each one has a photo, life span, and epitaph.

In the Netherlands version of Sesame Street, instead of Big Bird, they have a blue bird named Pino. He was later established as Big Bird’s cousin.

The number of stars on the EU flag doesn’t represent anything. 12 stars were chosen as a number with no political association and as a symbol of unity.

Russia has the most man-made satellites in orbit with 1,324. There is a total of 2,271 and the U.S. is in second place at 658.

Movie theaters make roughly 85% of their profit off concession stands. This is because ticket revenues have to be shared with the movie distributors.

Pitbulls rank high among the most affectionate and least aggressive dogs. Pitbulls are only aggressive when forcibly trained as such; usually for illegal dogfighting.

The full Bible has been translated into over 3,000 languages. Among those include fictional languages like Elvish, Klingon, and Na’vi.

The NYPD had a police officer follow Andre the Giant whenever he went out drinking. This was to make sure he didn’t get drunk and fall on anyone.

The 6th largest pyramid in the world is a Bass Pro Shops in the Memphis Pyramid. At 32 stories tall, it also has the tallest freestanding elevator in the U.S.

Norway has a 25-year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.

Italy built an entire courthouse to prosecute the Mafia. They charged 474 members in a trial that lasted from 1986-1992. To date, it was the biggest trial in the world.

Mount Rushmore cost less than one million dollars to construct. It took 14 years to build – from 1927 to 1941 and took 400 workers.

Julius Caesar’s only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar’s son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.

Batman and Predator exist in the same fictional universe. Since 1991, they have been featured together in three comic books.

Invented in 1923, Q-Tips were originally called Baby Gays; then Q-Tip Baby Gays, then finally just Q-Tips. The Q stands for quality.

In 1998, David Bowie released an internet provider called BowieNet. Subscribers were offered exclusive content and a BowieNet email. It was shut down in 2006.

Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150-pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.

There exists a plankton, Dinoflagellates, which if consumed, reverses your feeling of hot and cold – as well as hallucinations. Symptoms can last from weeks to years.

Snoop Dogg’s real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. His “Snoop Dogg” nickname came from his mother who thought he looked like Snoopy from the Peanuts.

There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender, and Librarian.

New Jersey had 4 Governors in the span of 8 days in early 2002. The shortest term of those was served by John Farmer Jr. for 90 minutes.

Ron Swanson’s character on Parks and Recreation is based on a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.

In 18th Century England, having a pineapple was a symbol of wealth because of high import fees. They would be used as displays instead of being eaten.

A man with severe OCD and a phobia of germs attempted to commit suicide with a gun to his head. Instead of killing him, the bullet eliminated his mental illness without any other damage.

Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.

The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.

The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35% cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.

Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.

The entire world population could fit in Texas allotting 330 square feet per person. The area of Texas is about 262,000 square miles.

Scotland wanted to replicate the Parthenon bigger and cheaper in 1826. It was never completed and is now nicknamed “Scotland’s Disgrace”.

The 1831 London Bridge was sold in 1962 when it needed to be replaced. It was bought by Lake Havasu City, Arizona, to help tourism.

By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.

Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.

Selfies now cause more deaths than shark attacks. It is estimated there are 28 selfie-related deaths per year, with the leading cause being heights.

English accounts for 50% of visited webpages, even though the amount of English users is only 26%. Russian accounts for the 2nd most visited pages at only 6%.

Honey, and items immersed in honey, can be preserved for centuries. The long shelf life is due to an enzyme found in the stomachs of bees.

There are more people in the U.K. than in Canada, Australia, Norway, and Iceland combined. The U.K. population is over 65 million.

In 1937, a major fire broke out at the Fox Film Studios in New Jersey. The fire destroyed 75% of their movies, including most of their silent films.

Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second-largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.

Larry the Cable Guy’s real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the midwest, not the South.

When Jay-Z was 12, he shot his older brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry. He later referenced it in a song, titled “You Must Love Me.”

The motto on the United Kingdom’s Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is “Dieu et mon droit”, which means “God and my right”.

Bookworms are actual insects that bore holes in books. A major book feeding insect is a paper louse that feeds on microscopic mold in poorly kept books.

Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build-ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.

Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak and our fingernails are made of.

If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. This would be a mixture of too much protein and an absence of fat in the diet.

Madagascar got its name when Marco Polo misspelled it. The name stuck and the island was christened to the name in 1500.

Garrett McNamara holds the record for the largest wave ever surfed, set in 2011 in Nazare, Portugal. The wave was 78 feet tall.

Around 15% of active Twitter accounts are social bots. This means there are nearly 48 million accounts that are not controlled by humans.

Animal Planet aired two fake documentaries that “proved” mermaids exist. So many people thought it was real that the U.S. government issued an official statement about it.

Qantas Airways once powered an interstate flight on cooking oil. This marked Australia’s first commercial flight using sustainably derived biofuel.

Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.

The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.

In Mississippi, it is considered a federal offense to Dine-n-Dash on a check that is over $25. In California, it is only a petty theft.

A water dropwort is a highly poisonous plant. If it kills you, it can cause you to smile after you die. This is called a sardonic grin.

The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.

Because snow is composed of ice, it can be classified as a mineral. Water, however, does not fall under the same classification and is not a mineral.

Lake Superior contains 10% of the world’s freshwater. It is the size of South Carolina and contains 2,900 cubic miles of water.

Even though smoking has been banned on airplanes, ashtrays are mandatory on every plane. This is for safe disposal in case someone breaks the law.

You can now get a headstone with a QR code. Called “Living Headstones,” they show pages with photos, video biography, and comments from loved ones.

When Pink Floyd designed the “Animals” album cover, the inflatable pig tied to the power station broke free, causing Heathrow Airport to cancel all their flights.

Both U.S. and Soviet militaries have trained dolphins. They can be used for rescuing lost naval swimmers and locating underwater mines.

MIT often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.

While hunting, stoats go crazy jumping, spinning, and twisting to get a rabbit’s attention. This hypnotizes the rabbit until the stoat gets close enough to attack.

There’s very little evidence the TSA has ever stopped a terrorist or found a real bomb. When tested, they failed to find fake weapons and bombs 95% of the time.

Roughly 33% of cats are not affected by catnip. The euphoric reaction commonly associated with catnip is hereditary.

In 1325, two Italian city-states fought over a bucket which resulted in 2,000 deaths. It started when two soldiers stole a bucket from a well in the city center.

Four of the top seven highest-grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World, and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.

If the electors of the Holy Roman Emperor did not vote within 30 days, they were only allowed to eat bread and water and forbidden to leave the city.

Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn’t bother being an extra in a movie.

One horse can have approximately 15 horsepower. Horsepower is about 746 watts. The term was coined in the late 18th Century.

Canadian law requires citizens to answer a math question when entering sweepstakes. This is done to add some aspect of skill to the contest.

In the 1980s, the founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can. His children honored the request.

Vernor’s Ginger Ale is the oldest soda still being sold. It was created by Detroit pharmacist James Vernor, in 1866.

The only window that opens on the presidential car is the driver’s window, to pay tolls. It also has no keyholes, and only the Secret Service knows how to open the doors.

Ziggy Marley, Bob Marley’s son, wrote the theme song for the popular children’s cartoon, Arthur, when he was 26.

Cold showers have more health benefits than hot or warm showers. These include improving circulation, stimulating weight loss, and easing depression.

Elvis was originally blonde. He started dying his hair black for an edgier look. Sometimes, he would touch it up himself using shoe polish.

The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the “thagomizer.” They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.

Bubble wrap was originally invented to be wallpaper. The creators tried to make plastic wallpaper with a paper backing, but it came out with plastic backing.

All of the sweaters Mister Rogers wore on his show were hand-knitted by his mother. He said he loved wearing them because they always made him think of her.

Over 290 people have died climbing Mount Everest since 1922. Most deaths occur because of avalanches, and not all bodies have been recovered.

The original Star-Spangled Banner was sewn on the floor of a brewery in Baltimore in 1813 by Mary Pickersgill and her daughter.

All the paint on the Eiffel Tower weighs the same as ten elephants. It gets repainted every seven years without closing to the public.

The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.

Paul McCartney was only paid £1 for performing at the 2012 London Olympics Closing Ceremonies. He willingly donated his performance.

For nearly 60 years, Texas didn’t have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was active, but the unofficial flag.

Though most think it’s Italian, pepperoni is an American invention. The first use of the word dates back to 1919.

An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.

In Texas, according to Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, it is legal to kill Bigfoot if you find it. It would be considered a non-protected nongame animal.

In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 rubber duckies fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years.

Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932 and was made official in 1939.

All new FBI special agents and intelligence analysts are required to visit the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.

There are 30 times more trees on Earth than there are stars in the Milky Way. It’s estimated that there are 100 billion stars and 3 trillion trees.

The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.

Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.

The thumbs-up sign is believed to have originated from Chinese pilots. It was used to communicate with the ground crew before take-off.

50% of apartments in Los Angeles don’t come with a fridge. This is legal, as fridges are considered an “amenity”, and therefore landlords are not required to provide one.

Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt, then gave the invention away for free. They decided it was too important of an invention to keep to themselves.

It takes longer to drown in saltwater than in freshwater. Because of this, around 90% of drownings occur in freshwater.

Baltimore is the largest independent city in the U.S. with a population of 621,849. Meaning, it is not part of any county.

In 2007, Scotland spent £125,000 devising a new national slogan. The winning entry was: ‘Welcome to Scotland’.

The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.

The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.

The British Pound is the world’s oldest currency still in use at 1,200 years old. The pound has been identified as a symbol of British sovereignty.

When tea started being sold in bags, originally it was intended to be removed from the bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea still in the bag.

Wonder Woman has a black sister, Nubia. She was sculpted from black clay-like Diana was sculpted from white clay.

Since 1497, the United Kingdom has printed its laws on vellum, made from calf or goat skin. They continue to do this in order to uphold the tradition.

In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.

Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”

The longest Cricket Test match lasted over 12 days between England and South Africa. It only ended because the English team would have missed their boat home.

Of the 9,000 Blockbuster stores that existed in the early 1990s, at least 10 Blockbusters are open across the U.S. Seven of those are in Alaska.

The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.

As a child, Li performed with the Chinese National Wushu Team for President Nixon. Nixon asked him to be his personal bodyguard, but he declined.

Jupiter has 69 moons. A few are 12-37 miles in diameter, but most are barely 1 mile in size. Jupiter itself is 317 times the mass of the Earth.

The only difference between kosher salt and table salt is the grain size. Kosher salt is smaller, and they both come from underground salt deposits.

Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.

Kesha was an extra in Katy Perry’s music video for “I Kissed a Girl.” Katy had some of her friends in the video – among those, a then-unknown Kesha.

The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.

30 of the first 31 popes were murdered. Most of them were martyred, but not all causes of their deaths are known.

Turkey vultures use defensive vomit to get rid of any disturbing animal. They can propel their vomit up to 10 feet.

The military has used silly string to detect tripwires in Iraq. Before entering a room, they can squirt it inside. If it hangs in the air, it may have revealed a wire.

At one point, 50% of the CDs produced worldwide had an AOL logo on them. The cost for the marketing campaign was in the billions – and it worked.

A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement & permission of six different Christian leaders.

The Lego Group is the world’s most powerful brand. There are more Lego Minifigures than there are people on Earth.

Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.

The scientific term for brain freeze is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia. The pain associated with it is sensed by receptors in the outer covering of the brain.

The A.D. and B.C. system was not proposed until 525 A.D. by a monk. However, it was not widely used until the 9th Century.

China has a series of underground tunnels running 3,000 miles long. They are used to store and transport mobile intercontinental ballistic missiles.

Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.

Your tonsils can grow back if there was tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it’s accidental, other times it’s left on purpose.

The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.

Manatees can get frostbite in water below 68 degrees Fahrenheit (20°C). Their fat is not designed to insulate them from the cold.

Spacesuits take 5,000 hours to make, costs 1 million dollars, weigh about 110 pounds, and have 11 layers of material.

There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.

When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten-day mourning period for France.

More than 90% of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks delayed evacuation to save their work, shut down computers, change shoes, or visit the bathroom.

Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect, or exaggerated.

It’s Australian tradition to eat sausages at polling places on election day called Democracy Sausages. For many communities, this is the biggest fundraising event of the year.

A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.

During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. It lasted less than 3 months.

There is a geocache on the International Space Station placed in 2008. It has since been visited four times by other astronauts.

The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.

After the release of the 1996 film “Scream”, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.

When Blackbeard captured ships, many of the African slaves on board would go on to become pirates. When he died, nearly one-third of his total crew were former slaves.

Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.

There’s a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named “Hooker” and its slogan is “it’s a location, not a vocation”.

Alexander Hamilton was shot and mortally wounded by Aaron Burr on the same spot that his son had been killed 3 years before, and by the same set of pistols.

Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm and BandAids.

In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was a symbolic declaration of love, and to catch it was to show acceptance of that love.

Of the top 20 most watched TV broadcasts in the United States, 19 were Super Bowls, and the other was the 1983 finale of M*A*S*H.

There is an insurance policy issued against alien abduction. Around 50,000 policies have been sold, mainly to residents of the U.S. and England.

Rednex, the band who remixed and popularized Cotton Eye Joe, is not Southern, but Swedish. They all have Southern sounding stage names.

There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.

The insurance company backing the payouts for “Who Wants to be a Millionaire” sued the show for being too easy.

Chocolate can help stop tooth decay. Specifically, parts of the cocoa bean can thwart mouth bacteria, even more.

Dogs can be allergic to humans – specifically, their dander. While being treated for this allergy, it can take up to 12 months for a dog to recover.

Marie Antoinette’s last words were to her executioner after accidentally stepping on his foot, saying, “Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it.”

Fruit stickers are edible, though the same with any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA.

3 inches of ice can support one person, on foot. 4 inches can support a group of people, single file. 36 inches can support up to 110 tons of weight.

The world’s smallest mammal, a Bumblebee Bat, weights about the same as a U.S. dime. Native to Myanmar and Thailand, these bats are endangered.

Oranges were originally green.
The first oranges ever imported from to the West were from Southeast Asia and were tangerine-pomelo hybrids that were green in color.
In fact, oranges grown in warmer parts of the world such as Vietnam and Thailand stay green throughout their lifetime.

Going to work is more dangerous than going to war.
Statistically, you are three times more likely to die travelling to or from work than you are if you were to be shipped out to a war these days.

Russia has more surface area than Pluto.
With 6,601,668 square miles of land mass, Russia beats Pluto’s 6,427,805 square miles of surface area, and dwarfs the world’s second biggest country, Canada, which has a land mass of 3,855,103 square miles.

You can fire an arrow around an object to hit a target.
Both English and Arabic historic sources have mentioned skilled archers curving arrows around objects.
It has become a practice among some modern-day archers who have proved it can be done.
In fact, an arrow can even be fired with a 180 degree curve to hit an object on the other side of a wall – amazing right?!

There is no specific time zone at the South Pole.
This is because all the longitude lines on the planet meet up there (because the planet isn’t flat, yo).
The stations on the South Pole use the time zone of the country that owns them, meaning two stations near each other could be using two different time zones.

The first ever 3D film was released in cinemas in 1922.
Released in September of that year, The Power of Love was a silent film and was released in cinemas worldwide.
It even came with alternative ending that was decided by closing one eye or the other!
Sadly, the film is lost and hasn’t been found for decades!

Sandra Bullock was almost “Neo” in The Matrix.
The film’s producers had such a hard time finding the right man for the role before they found Keanu Reeves that they almost changed Neo to a female character.

There was a type of Pterodactyl with a bigger wingspan than a fighter jet.
The remarkable beast’s remains were dug up in Romania.

Standing as tall as a giraffe, it’s believed the flying reptile would have weighed about half a ton.
With a wingspan of 39 foot, it would have been bigger than the roughly 33-foot wingspan of an F16 fighter jet.

Scientists genetically modified goats to spin spider silk from their udders.
US Professor Randy Lewis transplanted a gene into the goats from a spider that allows the goats to produce milk containing an extra protein.
This is then extracted from the goat milk and spun into spider silk thread.

The Burj Khalifa is so tall you can see two sunsets from it in one day.
You can see the sunset happen at ground level, and then if you get the elevator all the way up the building you can see it set again from the top.

The British Queen’s handbag is a body language communication device.
It is used by her to relay secret and silent messages to her staff.
For example, if she is finished speaking to a guest she will move it from one arm to another and her aides will politely end the conversation, or if she wants to abruptly end a conversation she will put her bag on the ground.

There is a spacecraft graveyard in the South Pacific Ocean.
Known as “Point Nemo”, it is the furthest place on the Earth from land.
It is home to over 300 spacecraft and associated space debris, including the MIR space station, the first ever object assembled in planetary orbit by Russian cosmonauts.

Broccoli is a “man-made” food.
So human’s just engineered broccoli out of nowhere? Nope.
Broccoli only came about after years and years of selective breeding between wild cabbage plants that started around the 6th century BC.
In fact, the word “broccoli” comes from the Italian for “the flowering crest of a cabbage”.

High heels were originally men’s shoes.
High heels came into circulation on the shoe circuit in roughly 10 BC.
They were worn by men of the Persian Cavalry to help their boots stay in their stirrups when riding horses.

Bowler Hats were originally invented as safety hats.
Bowler Hats were designed by London hatters Thomas and William Bowler (hence the name).
The hat was invented to keep horse riders’ heads safe from branches and other obstacles.

“OMG” was first used in writing in 1917.
Although people might have said it before then, the popular acronym for “Oh My God” was first used in writing in a letter to Winston Churchill in 1917.
It was used by John Arbuthnot Fisher, a retired Admiral of the British Navy, who said in his letter “I hear that a new order of Knighthood is on the tapis, O.M.G. (Oh! My God!)”.

There is a smoke alarm for the deaf.
Invented by a team of Japanese scientists and engineers, this lifesaving device works by spraying vaporized wasabi into the air, which notifies deaf people of a fire – it will even wake them up if they’re sleeping!
This invention won one of the IG Nobel Prizes in 2011, a spoof of the Nobel Prizes, for inventions that “first make people laugh, and then make them think”.

Peanuts, walnuts, almonds, cashews and pistachios aren’t nuts.
They’re classed as seeds, because a nut is defined as “a hard-shelled dry fruit or seed with a separable rind or shell and interior kernel”.

Armadillos have shells so hard they can deflect a bullet.
One poor Texan man learned this the hard way when he shot at an armadillo only to have the bullet ricochet off the indestructible beast, and back at him into his jaw! The man was airlifted to hospital.
Amazingly, the armadillo just walked off unscathed.

Only a quarter of the Sahara Desert is sandy.
Most of this gargantuan desert is covered in gravel, although it also has its own mountain ranges and oases.

Antarctica is the world’s largest desert.
The Antarctic Polar Desert covers the Antarctica continent and covers roughly 5.5 million square miles.
The Sahara Desert covers roughly 3.6 million square miles.

In 1960, a cow got hit by a chunk of falling U.S. satellite in Cuba.
This was during a time where tensions between Havana and Washington were at their highest.
So the Cubans decided to make the best out of a bad situation and had a good laugh at their American neighbors.
They paraded a cow through the Cuban streets with a sign on it that said “Eisenhower, you murdered one of my sisters!”

Your nose and ears never stop growing.
They are the only two parts of your body that keep growing when all your other features’ growth comes to an end.

In the 1990s, half of the world’s CDs were made for AOL sign-up discs.
For you young ‘uns out there this fact is going to blow your mind – you had to use a disc to sign up to an internet provider!
The world wasn’t always full of all 5G’s just knocking about in the planetary ether – hell, back then I think 3G would’ve been mind-blowing enough, let alone not having to use a disc to sign up to the internet!

The Eiffel Tower “grows” in the summer.
Due to the heat expansion of the tower’s iron in the summer sun, the Eiffel Tower’s height can grow by up to 6 inches!

Bees can fly higher than Mount Everest!
Bees can fly at levels up to 29,525 feet above sea level – higher than the planet’s tallest Mountain!

Until 2015, it was illegal to dance in Japan after midnight.
This was a law introduced in 1948 to crack down on dance halls that acted as fronts for illicit activities and it was only revoked in 2015.

In 1997 a cargo ship lost 4.8 million Lego bits in a storm. They are still washing up today.
The container ship Tokio Express was hauling cargo across stormy seas on February 13, 1997, when a rogue wave crashed over the decks and caused some of her cargo to become loose and wash overboard.
One such container contained a shipment of Lego including octopuses, dragons, flippers and flowers.
These pieces are often found on the beaches of Cornwall in the UK, whenever there’s a particularly bad storm.

In Tokyo, Japan, there is a hedgehog cafe.
You can go to this establishment and pay 1,000 Yen to go in, have a cappuccino and play with and cuddle some amazing hedgehogs!
Just be careful when you’re cuddling them because they aren’t exactly soft and fluffy!

The smallest dinosaur ever discovered is only 16 inches long.
Discovered in China, the Microraptor is one of the most recent dinosaur discoveries and is the smallest ever found.
Most of the specimens that have been found have also been fully grown, so the baby Microraptors would have been even smaller!

In England, pigeon poop is the property of the Crown.
This is because pigeon poop could be used to make gunpowder.
Because of this, King George I declared all pigeon poop to be property of the Crown in the 18th Century.

The letter ‘E’ is the most common letter in the English language.
It appears in roughly 11% of all words used in the English language, and is used 12 times in this very sentence alone!

New Zealand is actually part of a much bigger, sunken landmass.
Dubbed Zealandia, it was only discovered after humans had traveled to space as they were able to easily see it from above the Earth.
Some scientists believe it should be formally recognized as the world’s 8th continent.

A female Gladiator was called a Gladiatrix.
Gladiatrices (plural term there peeps) were much the same as their male counterparts and would fight each other for the glory of their masters and the entertainment of the crowds.

However, for some reason, very little history or knowledge of them survived – save for a few accounts written by members of Rome’s elite.

Koalas have unique fingerprints.
So do chimpanzees and gorillas.
However koala fingerprints are so similar to human fingerprints that even the most seasoned forensic scientists would have a hard time telling a koala fingerprint from a human one.

In China, the police use geese as sentries.
In many parts of rural China, police have opted to use geese as police animals as they are highly alert and capable of making lots of noise.
Also “police geese” sounds cooler than “police dogs”.

There are sharks which can live for up to 500 years.
Greenland Sharks have the longest known lifespan of all vertebrate animals.
Bonus fact: They don’t even reach sexual maturity until they are roughly 150 years old!

A man survived being hit by a car and thrown 118 feet.
Off-duty paramedic Matthew McKnight was hit by a car travelling 70 miles per hour and was catapulted 118 feet!
He suffered some fairly serious injuries but amazingly managed to recover.
He now holds the Guinness World Record for furthest distance thrown by a car!

Natural bananas contain seeds inside of them.
The reason your store-bought bananas are nice, soft and seed free is because they have been specially bred over generations so that they do not form mature seeds.

The most common banana, the Cavendish, traces its selectively-bred lineage all the way back to 1834!

In Bosnia, Serbia and Montenegro you can legally vote at 16.
However, that’s only if you’re employed.
If you’re unemployed, then the minimum voting age is 18, much like the rest of the world.

All astronauts going to the International Space Station have to learn how to speak Russian.
This is because astronauts traveling to the ISS must hitch a ride with Russian cosmonauts, and the controls of their Soyuz spacecraft are in Russian.
The first British astronaut to go to the ISS, Commander Tim Peake said “Learning Russian has been the single most difficult aspect of my training”!

Sharks are older than trees.
Sharks have been about on this planet for roughly 400 million years, which is about 50 million years longer than trees!

Belgium once tried using cats to deliver mail.
In the 1870s, the town of Liège came up with the idea of employing felines as their new mail couriers.
The mail was loaded into waterproof bags that were tied around the kitties’ little collars and they were sent to their destination.
However, this was quickly dropped as the cats proved slower and more unreliable than human post couriers. Go figure.

In China, ghost marriages are illegal.
Alright, you had me at “ghost marriages” but what exactly is that?
Well, it’s when recently deceased women and men are matched up and ritually married by their respective families to ensure they aren’t lonely in the afterlife.
It’s kind of like those Cher lyrics, just the other way around. Do you believe in love after life?

There is a fictitious Athlete Hall of Fame.
It was formed in 2013 and some of the inductees include Rocky Balboa, Mr. Miyagi and Happy Gilmore.

Scientists in California created a machine to harness power from snowfall.
The machine worked by using negatively charged silicone to catch positively charged snowflakes, which created a static electric effect that was then harvested.
Impressive, yes, but a little fruitless in California right?

An ant can’t die from falling.
Because of their incredibly small weight and rock-hard exoskeleton, an ant’s terminal velocity isn’t enough to harm it upon impact.
Simply put, they could survive being dropped from heights like the Empire State Building and walk away unscathed.

People spend roughly 13% of their lives zoned out.
It happens to us all, according to a study from 2005.
One minute you’re living life and you’re on the ball, then next moment… wait, what was I doing? Oh well, whatever, never mind. I’ll just read some amazing facts instead…
According to the same study, this figure can increase to 26% when you’re intoxicated!

Before trees existed, Earth was covered with giant white mushrooms.
These huge fungi were 24 feet tall and three feet wide, and covered most of the Earth’s surface before trees existed.

Snakes can burp fire.
For this to happen, a decomposing animal a snake has eaten has to burst whilst being digested, releasing methane and hydrogen into the snake’s stomach.
All that’s needed for the snake to fire up is a spark.

Soviet Cosmonauts took shotguns to space with them.
This wasn’t to fight off any capitalist aliens they might encounter in space…

It was for when they returned to Earth in case they landed in Siberia and had to fend off hungry bears.

Jackie Chan sung the theme songs for all his films in the 1980s.
Nope, it’s not a different Jackie Chan, it’s the two-parts martial arts and one-part comedy fellow y’all know and love.
However, Jackie Chan is quite the singer as well as a fist-slinger.
In 1984, he won the Japanese Best Foreign Singer Award, has sang in over 5 languages on over 100 songs, and sang at the Beijing Summer Olympics opening ceremony in 2008!

You’re more likely to get bitten by a person than a shark.
Especially in New York City, where the annual number of people-on-people bites is 10 times higher than the annual number of worldwide shark bites!

Bryan Cranston learned how to roller skate for an episode of Malcolm in the Middle.
Bryan Cranston is one hell of a dedicated actor if you ask me.
He spent literally hundreds of hours learning how to roller skate, like an absolute boss!
All this for his “last dance” in the episode where he teaches his son, Malcolm, how to skate.

Dogs can learn up to 250 words and gestures.
The average intelligence of a dog is akin to that of a two-year-old human child.

Fried chicken originated in Scotland.
It was a Scottish tradition from the Middle Ages to deep fry chicken.
The Scots bought this dish over to the Americas with them when immigrating to the Southern United States where it became a staple of American cuisine.

Avocados never ripen on trees.
Because of this, farmers often use the avocado trees as a form of storage to keep their fruit fresh until they are ready to pick it and sell it.

The slang term for dollars, “bucks”, originates from the early 1700s.
It refers to deer skins from male deer, or bucks as they’re commonly known.
This is because during these early times, deer skins were used as an informal currency.
In fact, a diplomat in 1948 noted that 5 Bucks would buy you a cask of whiskey.

40 million years ago penguins were 6 feet tall.
This was discovered from bones found at Seymour Island dating back to 37 – 40 million years ago.
These gigantic penguins would have weighed up to 250 pounds!

Beer was classified as a soft drink in Russian until 2011.
Before 2011, anything with less than 10% alcohol was classified legally as a soft drink.

25% of all mammal species on Earth are bats.
There are a whopping 1,200 different types of bat!
They range in size from a Bumblebee Bat – the world’s smallest mammal – all the way up to the Giant Golden-Crowned Flying Bat which has a huge wingspan of almost 6 foot!

Jellyfish are 95% water.
Not surprising, given that they have no brain, no blood and no heart!
The other 5% is made up of what little solid mass jellyfish possess.

Fortune cookies are an American invention.
They were invented by Makoto Hagiwara of San Francisco in the 1890s and sold at the Golden Gate Park’s Japanese Tea Garden.

When Nintendo was formed, there were only 38 US states in the Union.
The company that would go on to bring us Super Mario and Pokémon was formed in September of 1889.
By the end of that year there were 42 US states in the Union!

On statues, a horse’s legs tell you how the statue figure died.
If a horse has both its front legs in the air, then the person died in battle.
If the horse has one of its front legs in the air, they died of wounds received from a battle.
And if the horse has both its front legs on the ground then the person died of natural causes.

Japan has a roaming deer infestation.
Because of this, the Japanese government has set up the National Wolf Association, which is focused on reintroducing wolves to Japan to help reduce the amount of wild deer.

The pH scale was invented by the Carlsberg brewery.
It was the brainchild of one Søren Sørensen who invented it in 1909 while researching the best proteins, amino acids and enzymes in the Carlsberg brewery laboratory.

Most perfume is made from Sperm Whale puke.
Known as Ambergris, this waxy secretion belched out by Sperm Whales is a core component to making any perfumes due to its pleasant smell and is often found floating in tropical seas.

In the Californian White Mountains, there are trees older than history.
These wise old trees, known as Pinus longaeva, have been aged at up to 5,060+ years old!
Written history is believed to have begun roughly 5,000 years ago – back then these magnificent trees would have just been starting out their long lives!

“Mountain Dew” was originally a slang term for moonshine.
Used as a bit of slang for mountain-brewed moonshine, the hella sugary drink we know and suffer through today was originally marketed as a whiskey chaser.

Roughly half a human body is red blood cells.
We have roughly 50 – 75 trillion cells in our bodies, and almost half of those are red blood cells.
It takes one of these little red blood cells just 20 seconds to travel around our entire body.

10 gallons of carrot juice will kill a person.
That is because the Vitamin A content of that much juice is high enough to make your brain swell and kill you, along with a load of nasty other symptoms!
You can also overdose on Vitamin A by eating 1 pound of polar bear liver.

The movement of falling cats is used as part of an astronaut’s training.
The way cats try to correct themselves when falling was studied and analyzed by NASA scientists.
They then used their findings as a means to teach falling astronauts how to correct their movements in zero gravity.

We have a house fire to thank for The Sims.
Will Wight, creator or the iconic gaming franchise, suffered a tragic house fire in 1991 where he lost everything to the flames.
Afterwards he had a vision of rebuilding his house, which led him to thinking of a game where one would create a “virtual dollhouse”, and from that The Sims was born.

Three types of Australian birds deliberately spread wildfires.
Why would they do that? Well, it’s Australia, what did you expect?!
Black kites, whistling kites and brown falcons all purposefully aid the spread of wildfires by picking up and dropping flaming sticks just so the fire will flush out their prey and make it easier for them to catch.

An Italian punk band once ate spaghetti on stage instead of playing any songs.
In 1979, at the height of punk, Italian comedy punk band Skiantos wheeled a kitchen, a table, a TV and a fridge onto their set stage, boiled up some spaghetti and then sat there eating it.
Unsurprisingly, the audience was less than pleased at the “gig”!

Woodpeckers eat brains when they get too hungry.
Nope, not zombie woodpeckers, just normal woodpeckers.
If they’ve gone too long without food, they will pin down other birds and peck at the back of their heads until they crack through their skulls and then eat their brains. Freaky.

Italy has 34 native languages in use today.
Surprisingly, most of these different languages are not, in fact, dialects of Italian.
Rather they are evolved independently from common Latin.

Amsterdam’s Royal Palace sits on 13,659 wooden poles.
Because of the thick layer of fen and clay present in Dutch soil, all the buildings in the Netherlands are built on wooden poles.
These wooden poles are fixed into a sandy layer over 35 feet below ground-level!

Dolph Lundgren has an IQ of 160.
That’s right; the “If he dies, he dies” meme fellow from Rocky IV is actually a super genius!
He has a Master’s Degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Sydney and the Royal Institute of Technology, alongside a Fulbright scholarship to MIT.
Oh, he was also the European Champion of Karate in 1981.

Two stealth nuclear submarines once bumped into each other by accident.
In 2009 in the Atlantic Ocean, two stealth-cloaked nuclear submarines (one from France and one from Britain) bumped into each other out of sheer coincidence.
They were both cloaked so well from each other that neither submarine could detect the other, even when they were only a couple feet apart.

The Hawaiian flag purposefully looks like a combination of the British and American flags.
This is because it was designed by then-King Kamehameha I in 1812, and he wanted a flag that would appeal to both the Americans and the British.

NASA’s internet speed is 91 GB per second!
This means on NASA’s internet you could download a high-quality 1080p movie in mere milliseconds!
Normal household internet speeds are roughly 25 MB per second, which is dwarfed by NASA’s hugely superior internet speeds.

For their first month of living, babies only see in black & white.
They also only see silhouettes and are unable to focus on items just after their birth.
This is because their retinal nerve cells aren’t fully established yet and they lack the capability to process visual information.

In 1783, a volcanic eruption killed 80% of the Earth’s sheep.
The Laki volcanic fissure in the South of Iceland erupted over an eight-month period back in 1783, releasing some straight-up nasty hydrogen fluoride into the atmosphere to shower down on the Earth’s inhabitants.
Because of this, roughly 25% of the world’s human population was wiped out.
However, that pales compared to the 80% of the world’s sheep population that died as a result!

Malta has never experienced weather below freezing point.
Malta is quite the popular tourist trap in summer and with good reason!
It has never experienced temperatures below freezing point (32°F) and it is the only European country to own this claim!

The Pentagon has its own private island off New York.
It’s used to run war games for the possibility of a massive cyber-attack and resulting massive loss of power.
It’s completely forbidden for anyone to go there.

Cheetahs love Calvin Klein.
Wildlife crews trying to film these skittish big cats tried testing a range of scents of their cameras and equipment in order to draw cheetahs in closer for filming.
Of all the scents they tried, Calvin Klein’s “Obsession for Men” proved to be the one the cheetahs loved the most.

There’s a Big Mac Museum in Pennsylvania.
It was opened by McDonald’s themselves in 2007 to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Big Mac, and features exhibits such as a 14-foot tall Big Mac!

The US has more millionaires than Sweden has people.
There are over 10 million millionaires in the US, whilst Sweden has a population of less than 10 million people.

The letter “A” doesn’t appear in a written number until you reach One Thousand.
Well, that’s if you don’t count the “and” in numbers like “four hundred and twenty” for example.
Also, the letter “M” also doesn’t appear until you reach “one million”!

“Sombrero” is just a generic Spanish word for “hat”.
Rather than describing the iconic hat of the stereotypical Mexicans, the word is literally just a word used for any hat.
The word “sombrero” derived from the word “sombra”, meaning “shade”.

Ireland’s population still hasn’t recovered from the Great Potato Famine in 1845.
The population of Ireland prior to the devastating famine was roughly between 8.5 million and 9 million people.
Modern day Ireland’s population is estimated at roughly 4.85 million people.

Camels don’t actually store water in their humps.
It’s one of those age-old myths that you hear as a kid and take as fact, but it’s not true I’m afraid!
Their lovely camel humps are actually used to store fat.

A man once tripped over his beard during a fire evacuation and died.
Then-Mayor of Braunau am Inn back in 1567, Hans Steininger, was the proud owner of the world’s longest beard (at the time) with a four-foot hairy wonder.
When he was caught up in a fire evacuation drill.
On his way out of the flaming building, Hans’s beard got tangled around his feet and caused him to trip and fall down a flight of stairs, breaking his neck and killing him.

Psycho (1960) was the first film to ever show a toilet flushing.
Alfred Hitchcock is practically a household name when it comes to films – especially horrors.
His 1960 horror flick Psycho captivated audiences and is one of the go-tos when people talk about the invention of the slasher genre.
It was, for certain, a film of firsts, and one of those firsts just so happened to be the first time a toilet was seen flushing on the big screen!

The world’s largest singular snowflake was 15 inches wide.
Most snowflakes are miniscule, delicate microscopic things.
But this monster snowflake fell during a particularly bad snowstorm, over Montana in 1887, and was the size of your average Frisbee.

The reason the taste of artificial banana flavoring and artificial banana flavored products doesn’t taste like bananas is that it is based on a type of banana that was wiped out by a plague in the 1950s.

Australia has over 10,000 beaches. You could visit a new beach every day for over 27 years!

It was Nicholas Cage who first advised Johnny Depp to pursue a career in acting, during the mid-1980s.

The national animal of Scotland is the Unicorn.

The directors of the film Despicable Me actually wrote their own language for the Minions called Minionise.

The mayor of the Alaskan town, Talkeetna, is called Stubbs and has been mayor of the town since July 1997. Stubbs is a cat.

The Nazis were the first ever people in modern history to start an anti-smoking and tobacco movement.

Due to the humid and moist conditions that a sloth lives in, moss and other similar plants will sometimes grow in its hair. Sloths also have very bad eyesight. These two factors can sometimes culminate in a sloth grabbing its own arm, whilst thinking it is a branch, and falling to its death!

Every year in June a bizarre festival takes place in the village of Castrillo de Murcia near Burgos in Spain during which men dress up as the devil and then jump over babies born in the previous twelve months of the year! Known as El Colacho, this strange custom is part of the country-wide Corpus Christi celebrations yet only happens in this small village.

Viagra, when dissolved in water, can make cut-flowers stay erect for up to a week longer than they usually would. Try it!

There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.

Catnip is ten times more effective at repelling mosquitoes than DEET, the main substance used in insect repellents.

If eaten in one meal, 30 to 90 grams of polar bear liver is enough to kill a human being.

American microbiologist Maurice Ralph Hilleman is accredited with developing 8 of the 14 routine vaccinations used today, these being; Measles, Mumps, Hepatitis A & B, Chickenpox, Meningitis, Pneumonia, and Hemophilia influenza. He also discovered that Chlamydia was not a virus as it was previously thought to be.

In 2002 alone, more people in the U.S. were killed by dogs than in shark attacks in the past 100 years.

American college, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, deems certain students who take courses in Pistol Marksmanship, Archery, Sailing, and Fencing as certified ‘Pirates’.

It is predicted that the reason why night insects, such as moths, are attracted to lights is that they mistake them for the light of the moon, which they used to navigate the Earth before mankind made artificial lights.

Justin Bieber once held up a sign from his hotel room window saying “Go to McDonald’s and get me a Big Mac”. He got his Big Mac.

In the early 1900s, Lobster was considered the “cockroach of the ocean” and was synonymous with the poor – often eaten regularly by the homeless, slaves, and prisoners. It wasn’t until after World War II that lobster became considered a delicacy and a food associated with the aristocratic classes.

Hares are born with fur and can see whilst rabbits are born ‘naked’ and blind.

In the 16th Century, it was a common belief amongst people that the Mandrake Plant grew only where the ejaculated semen of a dead hanged man touched the ground.

Film producer Jeffrey Katzenberg revived The Walt Disney Studios by producing some of their biggest hits: The Little Mermaid, The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, and Aladdin. After these, he requested a promotion and was then abruptly fired by them. He then swore revenge against Disney and founded DreamWorks Studios.

On Black Friday 2014, Cards Against Humanity was removed from being on sale and replaced with a “Bullsh*t” box, on sale for $6. This box contained “literal feces, from an actual bull,” as the description stated on their site. This was to protest the Black Friday shopping craziness where shoppers will literally buy anything on sale. This special Black Friday edition of Cards Against Humanity sold over 30,000 copies, where all buyers actually received a box of bull poo.

Through the use of optogenetics, scientists were able to create a false memory within a mouse’s brain. This was done by marking the neurons that fired in the mouse’s brain when in one environment, transferring the mouse to a second environment, and making these neurons fire whilst shocking the mouse’s feet, then transferring the mouse back to the first environment. This made the mouse believe it had had an unpleasant experience in the first environment when in fact it hadn’t.

On one of the islands off the West Coast of Australia lies Lake Hillier. A bright, bubble-gum pink lake! Despite not being the only colored lake in the world, it is unique because it is the only colored lake where scientists have not yet determined what causes it to be such a bright pink.

In 2005, Iraqi insurgents tried to convince American officials that they were holding an American soldier hostage and meant to kill him if Iraqi prisoners were not released. However, their supposed hostage turned out to be a military action figure, not an actual soldier.

In 2014, Netflix spent $0 on marketing its DVD rental business, but over 6 million people still used it.

There is a German technique of swordsmanship known as ‘Mordhau’, which consists of gripping the sword inverted with both hands and using brute force to incapacitate your enemy with the pommel or cross-guard!

In 1969, a musician named Jim Sullivan recorded an album called “U.F.O.“, which featured strange lyrics about leaving his family and being abducted by aliens. Sullivan disappeared six years later without a trace, the only piece of evidence being his abandoned car found on a desert road.

In the film Star Wars Episode Three: Revenge of the Sith, every single one of the clone troopers was produced using CGI effects.

There is now technology built into some guns in America that allow a gun’s owner to control the safety-catch using their smartphone or tablet.

In China, in 2013, scientists were able to grow a human tooth from scratch using stem cells taken from urine.

French author Alexander Dumas (The Three Musketeers) was promoted to General by age 31 – making him the first Afro-Antilles person to reach that rank in the French army.

Spiked and studded dog-collars derive from the days of the Ancient Greeks, who would give their sheep-dogs sharply spiked collars to protect their necks from wolves whilst they watched over a Sheppard’s flock at night.

The world record for the largest pineapple was grown in 2011 by Christine McCallum from Bakewell, Australia. The pineapple measured 32cm long and weighed an incredible 8.28kg!

A study has shown that a male zebra finch is less likely to court a female zebra finch if he did not form any social friendships with female zebra finches when younger.

Artist Salvador Dalí would often get out of paying for drinks and meals by drawing on the checks, making them priceless works of art and therefore un-cashable.

The MMORPG Eve Online hosted the world’s largest-ever online battle in space on July 28, 2013. It lasted over five hours and was fought between four thousand players!

Hawaii’s state flag is the only US state flag to feature the Union Jack upon it.

Originally, Marge Simpson’s hairstyle was designed that way because the creator, Matt Groening wanted to hide her rabbit ears.

The first computer for business use was developed and pioneered by a British tea shop called Lyons in the 1950s. The LEO (Lyons Electronic Office) contained 6,000 valves and was built by Cambridge mathematician John Simmons to add up the receipts of iced buns!

Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.

The word ‘quarantine’ derives from the Venetian dialect of Italian and the words ‘quaranta giorni’, meaning ‘forty days’. This is because when it was discovered that ships were infested with plague-carrying rats they were made to sit at anchor outside Venice’s city walls for forty days before coming ashore.

There is a blind man in America, Daniel Kish, who uses echolocation to navigate in the same way as a bat! He does this by producing a clicking sound with his tongue and then listening intently for the sound waves to bounce back.

Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.

In an interview with Taylor Swift in 2005, she was told, “If music doesn’t work out, you could be a hair model”. Seven years later, the same woman interviewed her again and apologized for what she said.

In a survival situation if you were to drink seawater it would rapidly dehydrate you and soon lead to your death. However, it is vastly less harmful to eat frozen seawater. This is because it contains a tenth the amount of salt as its liquid form, due to the fact that the salt is separated from the water when freezing as it does not fit into the crystalline structure of ice.

In 2012, an Afghan Taliban Commander Mohammed Ashan turned himself in to local authorities, trying to claim the $100 reward prize he had seen on a poster for his arrest.

The organization “Cult Awareness Network” once listed Scientology as its ‘#1 Most Dangerous Cult’. Scientology then sued the Cult Awareness Network and bought them out in a hostile takeover.

Due to the extremely warm weather in the summer of 2013, several nuclear power plants across the world, including ones in Japan, Israel, and Scotland, were forced to close down because of a sudden increase in the population of Jellyfish. The mass amounts of Jellyfish clogged the filters that draw seawater into the power plants in order to cool down their reactors!

When written down, the word ‘almost’ is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.

In Canada, 2012, doctors were able to communicate with a man in a vegetative state. Coma patient Scott Routley was able to tell doctors by using his thoughts that he was not in any pain.

The country of Lichtenstein has an extremely low crime rate, and according to one member of their police, there hasn’t been a murder in Lichtenstein since the late 1990s! Lichtenstein’s entire Police Force consists of 91 officers and 34 civilian staff just – 125 in total.

A study was conducted that showed customers in a book store were 3.48 times more likely to peruse romantic books if the store smelt of chocolate, and 5.93 times more likely to buy them!

Sonic the Hedgehog has registered itself in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the fastest gaming character ever.

France has conducted 210 nuclear weapon tests, more than the United Kingdom, China, India, and North Korea combined! This is scarcely a fifth of the amount conducted by the United States, however, which have conducted roughly 1,054 tests.

Iran carries out more gender-change operations than any other country in the world. According to official statistics, Iran has somewhere between 15,000 and 20,000 transsexuals inhabiting it, although unofficial statistics place that number at approximately 150,000!

There is an Australian man, James Harrison, who has a singularly unique blood plasma composition that has been used to cure Rhesus disease, a hemolytic disease that affects newborn babies. He has donated his blood plasma over 1000 times.

In 2011, Chinese surgeons were able to remove the rusty, 4 inch end of a broken blade from the skull of a man who claimed it had been stuck in there for four years! The man had been stabbed in the lower-jaw by a thief four years previously and the blade had snapped off, getting stuck in his head.

Put A Pillow on Your Fridge Day, is celebrated on May 29th in Europe & USA and supposedly brings good luck and wealth to the household.

When people are struck by lightening the mark that appears on their afflicted area afterwards looks like an intricately detailed silhouette of a fern tree and is known as ‘lightening tree’ or sometimes ‘lightening flower’. This occurs due to delicate capillaries rupturing beneath the skin from the shock of the electrical discharge.

In Bordeaux, France, 1940, Portuguese diplomat Aristides de Sousa Mendes issued an estimated 30,000 Portuguese travel visas in order to Jewish families flee persecution from the Nazis. Once his superiors had learned of his actions, he was ordered back to Portugal, dismissed from office and denied his pension benefits. Sousa Mendes went on to die in 1954, impoverished and unsung.

Household-cleaner Cillit Bang was used to clean plutonium stains away in a defunct nuclear power-plant in Scotland as it was being dismantled. Bang and the radiation is gone!

On May 23, 2012, the American nuclear submarine USS Miami was damaged beyond repair by a fire whilst it was docked up in a Naval Shipyard. Although the start of this fire was unclear at first, civilian employee Casey J. Fury later admitted to starting the fire in order to “get out of work early”. For this he was sentenced to 17 years in a federal prison ordered to pay $400 million in recompense.

The tea-bag was an accidental invention. This occurred in 1908 when tea merchant Thomas Sullivan distributed his tea samples in small, silken bags. His customers, not understanding that these were samples, dunked them and suddenly Sullivan was swamped with orders for his ‘tea bags’!

As of May 2015, 2.3 Million Americans still subscribed to AOL Dial Up Internet.

Nokia was originally founded in 1865 as a paper printing company. Apt, to say when it was founded paper was one of the world’s most used methods of long-distance communication!

The world’s biggest ever recorded turtle was a Leatherback Turtle that washed up Harlech Beach, Wales, in 1988. It was estimated to be 100 years old, and was almost 9 foot in length weighing a tumultuous 2,016 lbs!

Archeologists in London have found a Mesolithic tool-making factory that gives substantial proof human beings were living on the River Thames 7,000 B.C. That’s over 9,000 years ago!

A Dachshund (a.k.a. a sausage dog) was originally bred to hunt in low, narrow badger burrows. In fact, the term ‘Dachshund’ translates from German as ‘badger dog’!

In early 2013, guards inside a prison camp in the Komi region of Russia caught a cat climbing over the fence that was being used to smuggle mobile phones, chargers and batteries into the prison. This was done by people taping the equipment to the cat’s back and then having the cat climb over the fences to reach the prisoners inside!

The word ‘oxymoron’ is itself an oxymoron. This is because it derives from Ancient Greek where ‘oxy’ means ‘sharp’ and ‘moros’ means ‘stupid’.

Bruno Mars’ birth name is Peter Gene Bayot Hernandez. His stage name, “Bruno Mars“, was inspired by the wrestler Bruno Samartino. This was because as a child, Bruno was independent, confident and strong-willed, like the wrestler. ‘Mars‘ came along because he was often told he was “out of this world” by the girls, so he used the planet Mars as his last name.

2013 was the first year since 1987 to feature four different numbers.

The term ‘deadline’ comes from the American Civil War. Prisoners would have lines drawn around them in the dirt, and if they crossed this line then they would be executed by their guards. Both prisoners and guards soon took to calling this line the ‘dead line’.

There is an island that sits in the middle of the Bay of Bengal called North Sentinel Island. The indigenous people of this island have never been colonized by the outside world and are extremely hostile, attacking anyone who invades their land without fear. What makes this even more interesting is that, when taken from the island, these people exhibit symptoms of a mystery illness before dying if they are not returned.

In Soviet labor camps, prisoners would ingest a condom attached to a length of rubber tubing, fill it up with raw alcohol then smuggle themselves back into the camp. Once there they would be suspended upside down by the other prisoners and used as a human keg.

During the First World War, so many starving wolves had amassed together in a great pack that opposing German and Russian forces formed a temporary alliance in order to fight them off!

Take Your Houseplants for a Walk Day is celebrated on July 27th, on this bizarre day, people walk their houseplants around, so they can get to know their environment a little more, which supposedly provides the plants with a sense of knowing and familiarization with their surrounding areas.

In 2010 Japan’s government decided to check up on many of the more-aged members of its community. What it found, however, was that many of Japan’s older citizens had died and that their children had hidden their deaths in order to carry on cashing their numerous pension checks!

Murphy beds have been attributed as the cause of people’s deaths before. Most recently in 2005 when two women were trapped and suffocated to the death by their Murphy bed.

The least financially successful Harry Potter film made approximately $90 million more than the most successful Twilight movie.

In late 2013, the first carnivorous mammal to be discovered within the Western hemisphere was found by Dr. Kristofer Helgen. It is called the Olinguito and is a member of the Raccoon-family.

In 2002, Brazilian mechanic Alfredo Moser invented a new type of lamp that uses absolutely no electricity whatsoever! The Moser-lamp is created using a plastic bottle filled with water and the smallest bit of bleach (to stop the bottle from turning green with algae), and works through the refraction of natural light – kicking out roughly 40 – 60 watts per lamp! They are becoming popular in many countries where electricity is an expensive commodity, and have been fitted in over 140,000 homes in the Philippines. Despite the success of his invention, Alfredo Moser has not become rich from it, but has instead a great sense of pride at his altruism.

In August 2013, Michigan man Darryl See was released from intensive care after being hit head-on by a high-speed Amtrak train. Darryl See, who was listening to music and didn’t hear the train’s repeated horn-blows, was reportedly thrown 20 feet from the track by the train that was traveling at 110mph!

New research provided suggests that NASA craft, Voyager 1, has left our solar system – making it the first man-made object to leave the solar system! Launched in 1977, the Voyager 1 probe is not set to run out of propellant energy until 2025, meaning by then it could have delved even deeper into interstellar space.

In mid-2013, an earthquake-proof church was constructed in Christchurch, New Zealand, using mainly cardboard as the primary building material! Constructed from 98 giant cardboard tubes coated in multiple layers of waterproof polyurethane the ‘cardboard cathedral’ cost $6 million to build and is designed to last for up to 50 years!

In 1995, strange 7-foot circular patterns were discovered on the ocean’s floor. Deemed the ‘crop circles of the sea’, these mysterious patterns went unanswered for until early 2011 when it was discovered that 5-inch long male puffer-fish were the culprits. After studying these animals, scientists have discovered that the meticulous creation and upkeep of these patterns by the puffer-fish serve as an attraction for the opposite sex as well as a nest for the female pufferfish’s eggs.

In the bioengineering department of the University of Illinois, researchers have created small ‘biobots’, partly out of the synthetic gel and partly out of muscle cells, that can move on their own. Whilst only a small scientific step, this is the building blocks for ‘nanotechnology’: tiny devices that could exist within the human body, freely detecting illness and administering medication.

In the Vietnam War, American soldiers believed the playing card The Ace of Spades to be a symbol of superstition and fear amongst the Viet Cong soldiers. So much so that Charlie Company of the army’s 2nd battalion ordered crates of this single card in bulk so they could scatter it in Viet Cong terrain and litter the bodies of dead Viet Cong soldiers with it. The Ace of Spades was not feared by the Viet Cong.

The bumblebee bat is not only the world’s smallest bat, but it is also the world’s smallest mammal. These cute little creatures weigh only 2 grams. They are 29 to 33mm in length, with a wingspan of approximately 170mm!

In 2007, a 1000-gallon inflatable swimming pool was stolen from someone’s back-garden without a single drop of water being found!

You are three times more likely to get a virus on your computer from a Religious website than from a Porn website.

The wild boar was once thought to be extinct within Ireland, but over 50 of them have been found and caught roaming the country in 2013 alone! They are thought to have been re-introduced to the country illegally by poachers.

Colombian drug-lord Pablo Escobar kept four Hippos in his estate before his death in 1993. Deemed too much hassle to move by authorities, his Hippos were left there and have since bred and escaped becoming an invasive species of Colombia.

It is estimated that in the Amazon Rainforest alone there between 20-40 million different species of animals, most of which are insects, as well as over 40,000 species of plant!

There is a hybrid-sport birthed from the comic book of a French artist and filmmaker called Chess Boxing. This consists of six four-minute chess rounds interposed with five three-minute boxing rounds. A contestant wins when they get a knock-out or technical stoppage within the boxing round, or through a check-mate or forfeit within the chess rounds.

On August 20, 2013, the world record for the world’s biggest Lego tower was smashed by a group of students from Delaware, USA. Their tower measured 112 feet in height and was constructed using more than 500,000 pieces of Lego!

An Egyptian necklace dated as being 5,000 years old has been found to have been made out of meteoritic metals. The nine beads were found to contain high levels of nickel, cobalt, prosperous and germanium – all characteristic metals of a meteorite. Even more interesting is how the beads were made. They were rolled from thin sheets of metal which contradicts what historians believed about the smithing abilities of Ancient Egyptians, having previously believed the beads to have holes drilled through them.

American photographer Harry Whittier Frees dressed his cats – as well as the cats and dogs of his neighbors – in small, people-like clothing and gave them props before photographing them. The black-and-white pictures of these cats and dogs were often given witty captions by Frees, making them the (unknowingly) first LOLcat memes!

Donkey Kong got his name because his creator believed “donkey” meant “stupid” in English and wanted to convey the impression that the character was a “Stupid Ape.”

More than 1/5 of all the calories consumed by humans worldwide is provided by rice alone.

People can have a psychological disorder called Boanthropy that makes them believe that they are a cow. They try to live their life as a cow.

The name for the shape of Pringles is called a “Hyperbolic Paraboloid.”

Mr Potato Head was the first toy to be advertised on TV.

A duel between three people is actually called a truel.

The stage before frostbite is called “frostnip.”

The two tiny holes in every BIC pen ensure that the air pressure is the same both inside and outside the pen, which helps the ink flow to the tip.

In South Korea, there is an emergency number (113) to report spies.

Japan is facing a ninja shortage. There is a high demand for “ninja shows,” but it is a dying tradition, and companies have trouble finding properly trained ninjas.

The process by which bread toasts is called the “Maillard Reaction.”

“Weird Al” Yankovic wrote “Albuquerque” to be as a joke specifically to “annoy people for 12 minutes.” It ended up becoming one of his most popular songs.

Admiral Ackbar from Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi was not a man in a suit; it was actually a giant puppet.

Even though Froot Loops are different colors, they all have exactly the same flavor.

The first roller coaster was used to transport coal down a hill. After people found that it could reach speeds up to 50 miles per hour, tourists asked to ride on it for a few cents.

Most toilet paper sold for home use in France is pink.

Marmite was one of the most confiscated items at airports from the U.K. – to overcome this issue, Marmite made smaller ones for traveling.

Warner Bros canceled “Home Alone” because they didn’t want to spend $14 million on it. 21st Century Fox continued the production, and the film grossed $476 million worldwide.

Cards Against Humanity bought an island in Maine to preserve wildlife. It is called Hawaii 2.

In 1862, the King of Siam offered Abraham Lincoln many elephants on the grounds that a “Country as great as the United States should not be without elephants.” Lincoln politely declined.

The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.

Bullfrogs do not sleep.

Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddhas.

In 2015, a silver coin with Superman on the head side was made, which is legal tender in Canada. There were only 350,000 produced.

It took the creator of the Rubik’s Cube, Erno Rubik, one month to solve the cube after creating it; as of June 2018, the world record is 4.22 seconds.

Japanese square watermelons are ornamental plants and are not edible.

Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur. The stripes are like fingerprints, and no two tigers have the same pattern.

Ketchup originated in China as a boiled-down brine of pickled fish and spices called “ke-chiap.”

In Morse Code -.- means k.

In 2005, a fortune cookie company called Wonton Food Inc. correctly foretold lottery numbers, resulting in 110 winners and an investigation. No fraud was involved.

Two PlayStation 1 games, FIFA 2001 and Gran Turismo 2, have scratch & sniff discs. The FIFA 2001 smelled like a soccer field, while Gran Turismo 2 smelled like car tires.

Boeing uses potatoes to test their in-flight Wi-Fi, as they reflect and absorb the signals similarly to people. The project is called Synthetic Personnel Using Dialectic Substitution- or SPUDS.

In 2014, Sony made a cassette tape that can store 185TB of data!

The collars on men’s dress shirts used to be detachable. This was to save on laundry costs as the collar was the part that needed cleaning the most frequently.

There’s a flower that smells like chocolate! Native to Mexico, this dark red flower is not edible. It is called “cosmos atrosanguineus” or “chocolate cosmos.”

In 2014, a missing woman on vacation in Iceland was found when it was discovered that she was in the search party looking for herself.

If you sneeze while traveling at 60 mph, your eyes are closed for an average of 50 feet.

Your tonsils could grow back if there were tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it’s accidental; other times, it’s left on purpose.

Alligators will give manatees the right of way if they are swimming near each other.

Crystal – the monkey from The Hangover 2 and Night at the Museum, has her own IMDB page!

Magpies are considered one of the most intelligent animals in the world and the only non-mammal species able to recognize themselves in a mirror test.

Expedia.com, Hotels.com, Hotwire.com, Trivago, Travelocity, and Orbitz are all owned by the same company, Expedia Inc.

The world record for the longest human chain (holding hands) is 652.4 miles, and it consisted of 5 million people in Bangladesh as part of a campaign.

Baked beans are actually not baked but stewed.

Rowan Atkinson – also known as Mr. Bean – is the voice of Zazu in The Lion King.

The most popular item at Walmart is bananas. They sell more bananas than any other single item they have in stock.

Sunsets on Mars are blue.

“lbs” comes from the Latin word “libra,” which means “pound.”

The small indents in the bottom of frozen pizzas are there to prevent air bubbles from forming inside the dough.

In 2005, Mark Zuckerberg unsuccessfully tried to sell Facebook for $75 million. Back then, it was called TheFacebook.

There is an opposite of albino animals, which aren’t white, but black. These are known as Melanistic animals.

In 2016, a student left a pineapple in an art museum in Scotland. Two days later, it had been placed in a glass case as part of an exhibition.

The first film with a $100 million budget was True Lies, which was made in 1994.

“Digging a hole to China” is theoretically possible if you start in Argentina.

Researchers found fossils of a “Mega Penguin” that stood over 6 feet tall and weighed in at over 250 pounds.

Strawberries can also be white or yellow, and some can even taste like pineapples!

The term “brah” is Hawaiian pidgin, short for brahdah (brother), and was popularized by surf culture.

As of 1998, over 50% of Iceland’s population believed in the existence of elves.

When watermelons are grilled or baked, they lose their granular texture and can even be used as a meat substitute, a “watermelon steak.”

Nebraska’s official state slogan is “Nebraska: Honestly, it’s not for everyone.”

Some cat breeds (called “puppy cats”) are bred specifically to exhibit dog-like behavior.

In October 2015, United Airlines made a man with Cerebral Palsy crawl off one of its flights. The flight attendants just watched as he struggled.

“Bluetooth” technology was named after a 10th Century king, King Harald Bluetooth. He united Denmark and Norway – just like wireless technology united computers and cell phones.

All dogs are banned from Antarctica since April 1994. This ban was made because of the concern that dogs might spread diseases to seals.

There’s a sport called “squirrel fishing,” in which participants try to catch squirrels and lift them into the air by using a nut on a fishing pole.

In Slovakia, they have Christmas Carp that live in the family bathtub for a few days before they are eaten.

Banks have therapists known as “wealth psychologists” who help ultra-rich clients who cannot mentally cope with their immense wealth.

A small population of Mammoths survived on the Wrangel Island until 1650 BC, about 900 years after the construction of The Great Pyramid of Giza was completed.

The office Treasurer of the United States has been held by women since 1949.

The Flintstones was the most profitable network cartoon franchise for 30 years, that’s before The Simpsons came along.

The University of Minnesota is older than Minnesota, the state itself!

Tickling has been divided into two types. Knismesis refers to “light feather-like” tickling, and gargalesis refers to “harder laughter-inducing” tickling.

As of 2019, the site MySpace still gets 8 million visitors per month!

C-3PO and R2-D2 had their own 1985 single-season 13 episode spin-off TV series called Star Wars: Droids. The season showed the adventures of R2-D2 & C-3P0 before they joined Luke Skywalker.

People don’t sneeze in their sleep due to their brain shutting down the reflex.

Your nose is always visible to you. Your mind ignores it through a process called Unconscious Selective Attention.

The word “Jurassic,” which we so often associate with dinosaurs, comes from the Celtic word for “forest.”

The brain is our fattiest organ and is composed of nearly 60% fat.

Guy Fawkes is the reason guys are called “guys.”

February used to be the last month of the year, which is why it has the shortest number of days.

Lego toys are a better investment than stocks, bonds, or gold.

A Canadian company started selling fresh air in a can as a joke, then Chinese consumers made it real, paying up to $20 a can.

In September 2007, a guy named Kevin Shelley broke 46 wooden toilet seats with his head in one minute to create a world record.

College of the Ozarks doesn’t charge tuition. Instead, students work on campus at least 15 hours a week and have two 40-hour workweeks.

The Japanese have a work philosophy called “kaizen,” where people constantly seek ways to improve methods instead of just doing it the same way.

Restaurants can sing “Happy Birthday” now because the copyrights’ claims are invalid. Judge George H. King ruled that a copyright filed in 1935 granted only the rights to specific piano arrangements of the music, not the song itself.

Tyromancy is the practice of predicting the future with cheese.

Shoe shops used X-Ray machines to measure shoe sizes in the 1940s before the risks of X-Rays were fully understood.

Iguanas have three eyes. Two normal eyes and a third eye on top of their head that only perceives brightness.

Big Ben (Elizabeth Tower) in London is leaning over so much it can now be seen with the naked eye. In 4,000 years, it will be at the same angle as the tower in Pisa is now.